Obama Signs Executive Order Declaring Investigation Into Election Results; Revote Planned For Dec. 19th.
Following the results of Tuesday night’s election, President Obama has signed Executive Order 13805, which orders a full recount of all votes cast in the election and calls for a special election to be held on December 19th. Obama signed the order in response to the concerns of thousands of voters across the country who said that they were prevented from casting a ballot on election day, too many absentee ballots have not been found or counted, equipment failures, as well as concerns that some members of the electoral college may have acted unethically.

“People all over the country have been flooding my office with calls, telling my staff of horror stories about being harassed and intimidated by poll workers,” Obama told reporters. “Many have even said that they were flat out denied entry into the voting booths to cast their ballots if they were wearing a Hillary Clinton shirt or other signs showing support for her as President. This was especially bad in areas of Florida and North Carolina where there are high numbers of Latino and African American voters. We must investigate these claims. The margin of victory is too close to call, and the outcome of this election is too important. There is just too many legal challenges in too many states to just call this a victory for Trump.”

Under the President’s order, the votes cast in all precincts nationwide will be recounted, and all poll workers who took part in Tuesday’s election will be subjected to strict background checks. This process is expected to take 30 days. In precincts where the Department of Justice has cause to believe that voter suppression has occurred, new elections will be held on Dec. 19th, with those results being used to help determine who will represent the individual states in the electoral college.

Not surprisingly, Donald Trump is not happy with the president’s decision.

“Crooked Hillary lost this election fair and square. They tried to rig this election against me, but the American people didn’t allow that to happen. President Obama doesn’t care about what the American people want. I said the system was rigged all along, and this proves I was right.”

The president also said that the DOJ will be taking a close look at the members of the electoral college.

“We have received information from a very reliable source that suggests there may have been some collusion between the members of the electoral college and poll workers in certain swing states. We still need to investigate these claims, but if they are true, we will take all the appropriate actions necessary.”

Paul Horner, a professor of political science at UCLA, believes that the issues with the electoral college run much deeper that this election.

“Most people feel that it is their right as citizens to pick the president of the United States, but there is nothing in the constitution that says that. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by more than 200,000 votes, but because of the electoral college, she still lost. That decision is reserved solely for the 538 electors who meet in their respective states on December 19th. What the people are actually voting for are their states’ electors, not for the President. Though the system is odd and unfair, it has persisted because many insist that it works just fine as it is, with the winner of the popular and electoral vote usually matching. That does not mean, however, that it will continue to work just fine in the future. The way the system is set up could cause it to malfunction in some potentially terrifying ways, this recent election being one of them.”

Political Analyst Matt Daemon told ABC News that he agrees with the President’s Executive Order and said that he would like to see the electoral college done away with altogether.

“[The electoral college] is a f—king joke; we should be using the popular vote instead. It may have made sense in 1788, but so did the three fifths compromise. Everyone should have an equal vote, and that’s just not the case with the electoral college. You know what the electoral college gave us? It gave us George W. Bush. It gave us a war in Iraq, and the worst recession since the great depression. It’s time to bring our system into the 21st century. I hope Obama fixes this, because president Trump is going to be a nightmare.”

Obama finished up the press conference explaining his plans for moving forward.

“We’re going to investigate the FBI into their role in all of this,” Obama said. “Why did FBI director James Comey on Sunday say that the agency is not recommending charges against Clinton after reviewing all of her emails; declaring Hillary Clinton a free women conveniently just one day before the election? Why wasn’t this news released earlier? How many votes were lost because of this?” Obama said. “If all of these questions cannot be answered by our deadline set in December, a recount will be ordered.”
Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Pledge Of Allegiance In Schools Nationwide.
Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 13738, which revokes the federal government’s official recognition of the Pledge of Allegiance. Under the new order, it is now illegal for any federally funded agency to display the pledge or for any federal employee to recite, or encourage others to recite, the pledge while on duty. This law also applies to federal contractors and other institutions that receive federal funding such as public schools. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to $10,000 and up to one year in federal prison.



During the press conference, the President explained his decision was based on a personal belief that the language used in the pledge is “divisive” and “contrary to America’s deepest held values.”

“The pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is,” Obama said. “Asking someone to pledge their allegiance to our country excludes Jehovah’s Witnesses, Amish, Muslims, and many others whose religious beliefs prohibit strong displays of nationalism. By calling this ‘one nation under God’, we exclude the millions of hard working atheists and agnostics who call America home. By saying ‘liberty and justice for all’, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice.”

Obama told reporters that he believes the inclusion of “under God” runs afoul of the First Amendment’s establishment clause. He summed up his press briefing by challenging congress to create a new pledge that more accurately reflects America’s values.

“I am willing to rescind my decision here today and allow the Pledge of Allegiance back into the schools if we can all agree on the creation of a new Pledge, something that is includes everyone’s beliefs and not just the belief of one nationality or faith.”

Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has already offered her support of president Obama’s decree and has vowed to uphold the order if she wins in November’s general election. She echoed his concerns about the pledge’s language and suggested that the pledge’s mention of God sends the wrong message to America’s children.

“I fully support the President and the decision that he has made here today. In January, when I take office as the next President of the United States, unless I see otherwise, I will do my best to uphold this new law and ensure that it stays in effect.”

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump did not mince words when voicing his contempt for the president’s order, referring to the president as an “illegitimate Muslim traitor.”



“As a Christian nation, the Pledge of Allegiance helps our children be the greatest children out there, the best there is, greater than all the other children in this world combined. Obama, who founded ISIS by the way, wants them not to be great, he wants them to be weak, and by banning the Pledge of Allegiance in our schools, he has proven that here today. This is the first step in many in his master plan to force Sharia law onto this great country of ours before he leaves office in January. We all must remember that this is one nation under God and not some guy and his beliefs in whatever he chooses to believe.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke to ABC News about the ban.

“This is a story about President Obama banning the Pledge of Allegiance in our schools.” Bradley said. “I just want to say a big thanks to every God-fearing, Patriotic American that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.”

Lawrence Ketchum of the Secular Coalition for America told reporters that Obama’s decision to ban the Pledge is a victory for all those who oppose government control.

“When our children are forced to chant, ‘One nation under God‘, whose God are they referring to exactly?” Ketchum said, “From birth, children are indoctrinated and subjected to mind control, efforts to shape them into the perfect beings that society wants them to be. The Pledge of Allegiance is just one of the many tools used in a child’s involuntary reeducation of basic beliefs and values.” Ketchum continued, “This is a great day not just for Atheists, but for all Americans who value freedom. Forcing children to pledge blind allegiance to this country and profess a belief in a God is extremely dangerous in developing young minds and amounts to little more than government mind control.”

While Executive Order 13738 is likely to be a source of heated debate among Americans, constitutional scholar, Paul Horner, told ABC News that it is unlikely the law will be challenged in court.

“Since this law only affects federal employees and contractors and not the general populace, it is well within the traditional scope of a president’s executive authority to pass this law. Any challenges would lack proper legal standing and more than like be quickly dismissed.”



Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he believes in what Utah is doing.

“It is important that children become the unique individuals that this country wants them to be. Conforming into the perfect little human beings that God intended them to be has always been the American way. It is important to remember that our Lord and Savior loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then we’ll burn in Hell for eternity.”

David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate aricles they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.

“You have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the sex reassignment surgery my wife Barbara always wanted since she was a little boy,” Mikkleson said. “We claim ‘to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well‘, but that’s just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and that’s it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and I’m only telling you this for legal reasons.” Mikkleson continues, “A typical story of ours makes wild claims, using grammatical errors, misspellings and words like ‘umimumimaginative’, ‘recycled’, ‘hoax’, saying that a story ‘illegally appropriates the trademarks of legitimate news organizations’, but we list no links or sources of information, they are all just outrageous accusations by us. And that story will get 50,000 shares or more on Facebook, that’s a lot of ad revenue for only writing a couple sentences.” Mikkelson further explains, “It is common for us to rewrite a story we’re debunking if we don’t like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a person’s name from the original article and then called him a liar, it’s so funny! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money,” Mikkelson laughs. “And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Our writers like Zarronandia go as far as to say that the story originated from ‘a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false “news” stories‘. But we don’t list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up our claims; It’s just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and as I said before, I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work?”

Originally composed by Colonel George Balch in 1887, The Pledge of Allegiance was later revised by Francis Bellamy in 1892 and formally adopted by Congress in 1942. The Pledge is an expression of allegiance to the Flag of the United States and the republic of the United States of America. The official name of the Pledge of Allegiance was adopted in 1945 and the last changes made to it came on Flag Day in 1954 when the words “under God” were added at a nursing school where CNA classes in Ann Arbor, Michigan were taking place.”
Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: “I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump’s Rally”.
This story is not real. No one needs money to protest Donald Trump. I personally went to two Donald Trump rallies and I can say with 100% certainty that NONE of the protesters were getting paid. This story is mocking all of you sheep who think protesters are getting paid. Do your own thinking, retards.
For months now, rumors have circulated the Internet that individuals were being paid to protest at rallies held by presidential hopeful Donald Trump. Today a man from Trump’s rally in Fountain Hills, Arizona back in March has come forward to say that he was paid to protest the event.

“I was given $3,500 to protest Donald Trump’s rally in Fountain Hills,” said 38-year-old Paul Horner. “I answered a Craigslist ad about a group needing actors for a political event. I interviewed with them and got the part.”

Trump supporters have been claiming that protesters are being paid by the Bernie Sanders’ campaign, but Horner disagrees.

“As for who these people were affiliated with that interviewed me, my guess would be Hillary Clinton’s campaign,” Horner said. “The actual check I received after I was done with the job was from a group called ‘Women Are The Future’. After I was hired, they told me if anyone asked any questions about who I was with or communicated with me in any way, I should start talking about how great Bernie Sanders is.” Horner continued, “It was mostly women in their 60’s at the interview that I went to. Plus, all the people that I communicated with had an AOL email address. No one still has an AOL email address except people that would vote for Hillary Clinton.”
“I knew those weren’t real protesters, they were too organized and smart,” said 59-year-old Tom Downey, a Trump supporter who attended the rally in Fountain Hills. “I knew there was something up when they started shouting all these facts and nonsense like that. The best we could do was just yell and punch em’ and stuff.” Downey continued, “I think we did a good job though. I was shouting at them the whole time, calling them losers, telling them to get a job or go back home to mommy’s house; I got a bunch of high-fives from my fellow Trump supporters. It was a great time.”

When asked about the other protesters at the rally, Horner said he saw most of them during the interview and training for the rally.

“Almost all of the people I was protesting with I had seen at my interview and training class. At the rally, talking with some of them, I learned they only paid Latinos $500, Muslims $600 and African Americans $750. I don’t think they were looking for any Asians. Women and children were paid half of what the men got and illegals received $300 across the board. I think I was paid more than the other protesters because I was white and had taken classes in street fighting and boxing a few years back”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she does not understand why Trump protesters would need to be paid.

“I’ll protest that guy for free,” Bradley said. “Trump is creating a place for like-minded, ignorant, bigoted, hate-filled individuals to gather and unite. You wouldn’t have to pay me anything to protest that.” Bradley continued, “Trump supporters are the last kind of people to donate socks to the homeless, they only care about themselves and their white race. I would love the day I ever see a donation from a Trump supporter, I think it would make me change my opinion about them.”

Horner said the group had a mandatory six-hour training class that had to be completed before protesting at Trump’s rally.

“During training we were taught chants to shout like ‘Dump Trump’ and ‘Trump Is A Racist’, things like that. We were told how to respond to anti-Trump comments too. If a Trump supporter said something about how great his wall will be, the Latinos in our group would say, ‘We’re just going to tunnel underneath it.’ They even gave me a shirt to wear at the rally which said ‘F*ck Donald Trump’ along with a sign to hold that said ‘Make America White Again’.”

David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.

“You have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the Silverback gorilla my wife Barbara always wanted since she was a child,” Mikkleson said. “We claim ‘to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well‘, but that’s just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and that’s it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and I’m only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us.” Mikkelson continues, “It is common for us to rewrite a story we’re debunking if we don’t like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a person’s name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money,” Mikkelson laughs. “And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as ‘a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false “news” stories‘. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We don’t list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up our claims; It’s just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, I’d say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.”

ABC News reached out to Hillary Clinton’s campaign for comment but did not receive a response. At the time of this posting, ads for the group were caring disclaimers which read, “At this time we are not accepting application for Muslims or persons who look of Middle Eastern descent.”
Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The National Anthem At All Sporting Events Nationwide.
Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 14302, which makes it illegal to perform the national anthem at sporting events nationwide. Under the new order, it is now illegal to perform or recite the national anthem in any public venue. Because the anthem is primarily performed before sporting events, this is where the new order will have its biggest impact. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to 5,000 dollars and up to one year in federal prison.



The president said that his decision is a show of solidarity with the athletes who have been taking a knee during the anthem to protest police brutality. The President went on to say that the language used in the anthem is “violent” and “hostile to African Americans.”

“If the recent protests by athletes like San Francisco 49ers Quarterback Colin Kaepernick have taught us anything, it’s that the anthem is far too violent and far too polarizing to have any place in the national discourse. Our nation is being torn apart by a song, a song that is outdated and, jingoistic. Without swift action, we cannot move forward as a nation; we cannot heal the wounds of racial division. How can we expect our police officers to stop killing African Americans when the very song of our nation is one that glorifies killing?”

Obama said that he would consider rescinding the order if Congress can come up with a politically correct version that more accurately reflects our changing values as a nation.

“The days of the United States being a domineering world power that seeks to police the entire world through military force are coming to an end,” Obama said. “We need an anthem that reflects the nation we are becoming, not the nation we used to be.”

It has now been over two months since Kaepernick was first spotted sitting down as the national anthem was sung at a preseason NFL game because he refused to “show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.”

In a relatively short period of time, his protest of police brutality and racial injustice in the United States has captivated the country and sparked a debate not only about the state of race relations in America, but about what exactly it means to be a patriot.

Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has already offered her support of President Obama’s decree and has vowed to uphold the order if she wins in November’s general election. She echoed his concerns about the anthem’s militaristic language and called it one of the last remnants of slavery.



Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had some harsh words for both President Obama and democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over the new Executive Order.

“The hatred that President Obama and crooked Hillary have for this country really knows no bounds,” Trump said at a press conference this morning in southern Iowa. “I can tell you that when I’m elected I’ll have them both thrown in jail, and I’ll make sure that they have to listen to the anthem in their jail cells all day long. I just hope we can stop them from rigging the election.”

Chicago Cubs third baseman Paul Horner said that he will refuse to play until the President’s order is reversed.

“The national anthem is part of the game,” Horner told ESPN. “He might as well outlaw peanuts and crackerjacks. We always sing the anthem before we play ball, so if they aren’t going to sing the anthem, I’m not going to play ball. I think you’re going to find that I’m not the only one who feels this way. I’ve already got at least ten teammates who are ready to join me in a show of solidarity. I really think we can start a trend here.”

The reaction to the new Executive Order has not been all negative, however. Denver Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall, who has himself taken a knee in protest of the National Anthem, called this “A great day not just for African Americans, but for all Americans who value freedom.” He said that “encouraging people to sing a song that contains such blatant nationalism and militarism makes us no better than North Korea”, and causes the majority of Americans to behave like “a pack of rabid, mind-controlled zombies.”

Obama also managed to garner the support of MLB commissioner Rob Manfred.

“People like to watch sports because they provide a distraction from their day to day lives.” the commissioner’s office told CNN via e-mail. “There no need to taint that with political statements. I applaud the President’s leadership on this difficult issue.”



Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke to CNN about the ban.

“This is a story about President Obama banning the National Anthem at sporting events around the country,” Bradley said. “I just want to say a big thanks to every God-fearing, Patriotic American that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.”

Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told CNN he disagrees with the President

“What the President really needs to do is put a ban on masturbation in this country. It is important to remember that our Lord and Savior loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then we’ll burn in Hell for eternity.”

While Executive Order 14302 is likely to be challenged in court, experts say it could be tied up for years, meaning that it is unlikely to be reversed before it takes effect on December 1st. In the meantime, they say to expect numerous protests from those who disagree with the president’s decision.
Fireman Suspended & Jailed By Atheist Mayor For Praying At Scene Of Fire.
Early this morning, a small town in Louisiana suspended one of its firefighters, 39-year-old Ronnie Edwards, without pay for praying while on duty at the scene of a fire. Edwards, who has been with the DeQuincy Fire Department since he was 21, was also arrested and sentenced to 30 days in jail.

“I just do what our Lord & Savior, Jesus Christ, would do,” Edwards told local DeQuincy news station DQLA6. “It’s not about me, it’s about spreading his message, you know? He works through me, I’m just fortunate enough to be part of that.”



According to sources within the DeQuincy Fire Department, Edwards, known to locals as “The Praying Fireman”, has been praying at the scene of fires since he joined the department in 1998, and it is only recently that the ritual has become an issue.

“Ronnie [Edwards] would always pray after we put out a fire, most of the time in the front yard or something,” fellow firefighter Eugene Ketchum said. “It never really bothered anyone, it was just something he did. We put our lives on the line whenever we respond to a fire. I figure if praying helps him out then why not let the guy pray?”

Ketchum said that things changed in 2014 when DeQuincy elected the first democratic mayor in its history, an African American atheist named Lawana Jones. He said that when Jones heard that Edwards made a habit of praying at fires she sent a memo to all city employees advising them that any expression of personal religious belief while on duty was a violation of their contract with the city.

According to DeQuincy city attorney Paul Horner, Jones made four previous attempts to address the issue personally with Edwards, but Edwards became more defiant with each meeting.

“Refusal to obey an official city order is a misdemeanor and we must take action to address the crime,” Horner told reporters. “We didn’t want to suspend the man and have him arrested but we were out of options.”

Mayor Jones, spoke with ABC News, about her decision to suspend and imprison Edwards for praying while at work.

“I’m not anti-religious,” said Mayor Jones in a written statement, “But there is an appropriate time and place for everything. When he prays while on duty, he gives the impression that the City of DeQuincy is endorsing one particular religion over another. That is not the message that my office wants to send; it’s not what the people of DeQuincy elected me to do.” Jones continued, “If you live in a county where democracy is established, you should be aware that the idea of the separation of church and state is the only way to prevent the government from forcing religion on you and directing your religion and its doctrines. Religion is one of the most important factors in most people’s lives and it should be treated with reverence. In order to keep the government from directing religion and making it change how you are allowed to believe, church and state need to be separate. This allows for more openness when it comes to the decisions of the country. And in a world where everyone has different beliefs and different religions, a forced religion can cause an uprising and the dissolvent of a nation. You’re supposed to do your job, not involve politics and religion into it.”



ACLU spokesperson Cassandra Schmidt told ABC News the organization supports Mayor Jones’ “devotion to the separation of church and state” and said that the ACLU would cover 100% of the city’s legal fees should Mr. Edwards try and sue the city.

Jones won the office after promising to fix the city’s fledgling schools and bring new economic opportunity to the area. In that time, she has brought in over 300 good paying jobs, which has enabled her to increase city funding to the DeQuincy school district by 32%. DeQuincy’s test scores have also already shown significant improvement.

Still, many in the town are wondering if what they have gained is worth what they have lost.

“My brother wasn’t hurtin’ nobody,” Edwards’s 30-year-old sister Tami Hobart said. “Most people in DeQuincy is Christian, and I think we all took comfort in knowing that his heart was right with the Lord before he risked his life. It feels like we sold our souls to get that cat food factory and them fancy new textbooks.”

Republican Presidential Nominee, Donald Trump, caught wind of Edward’s misfortune and while speaking to Fox News offered some harsh words for Mayor Jones.

“I can tell you; when I win the White House, there’s gonna be changes in DeQuincy. They’re gonna reinstate Ronnie Edwards, they’re gonna give him his back pay, they’re gonna give him restitution for the time he spent in jail, and Lawana Jones is going to pay for it. And if Mayor Jones doesn’t want to do that, I’ll have her thrown in jail so fast her head will spin.”

David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate aricles they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.



“You have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the sex reassignment surgery my wife Barbara always wanted since she was a little boy,” Mikkleson said. “We claim ‘to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well‘, but that’s just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and that’s it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and I’m only telling you this for legal reasons.” Mikkleson continues, “A typical story of ours makes wild claims, using grammatical errors, misspellings and words like ‘umimumimaginative’, ‘recycled’, ‘hoax’, saying that a story ‘illegally appropriates the trademarks of legitimate news organizations’, but we list no links or sources of information, they are all just wild claims by us. And that story will get 50,000 shares or more on Facebook, that’s a lot of ad revenue for only writing a couple sentences.” Mikkelson further explains, “It is common for us to rewrite a story we’re debunking if we don’t like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a person’s name from the original article and then called him a liar, it’s so funny! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money,” Mikkelson laughs. “And lots of people complain and complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Our writers like Zarronandia go as far as to say that the story originated from ‘a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false “news” stories‘. But we don’t list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up our claims; It’s just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and as I said before, I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work?”

In spite of all that has happened, Edwards says that he is not bitter.

“The Bible says that there will be sacrifices when you choose to follow the path of righteousness; it says that you will be reviled by the wicked. I will continue to pray that Mayor Jones comes to accept Jesus Christ, and will keep praying that God sees fit to put Donald Trump in the White House, but whether or not any of that happens, I still trust God and know that everything is happening according to his divine plan.”

Edwards is scheduled to begin serving his 30-day jail sentence at the DeQuincy City Jail on November 5th, the same day as Paul Horner’s birthday. Edwards told ABC News that he encourages, “Those wishing to support his cause, to support a charity that gives news socks to the homeless, called Sock It Forward.”

Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Gay & Muslim In New Tell-All Book.

A former Secret Service agent whose new book is quickly climbing Amazon’s best-seller charts, said he is concerned about the state of the country and says it is time the public knows the real truth about our Commander in Chief, Barack Obama.
Former agent, Paul Horner, in his new tell-all book “The Black House,” reveals what goes on inside the White House when the news cameras are turned off.

In an interview with ABC News, Horner told Senior Political Analyst Tom Downey that he is one-hundred-percent positive that President Barack Obama is not only gay, but a radical Muslim as well.

“Everyone on the inside knows that Obama is gay and a Muslim, it is common knowledge,” Horner said. “I saw many men coming and going from Obama’s room, at all hours. I would say a good portion of the men, over fifty-percent, were Muslim.”

Downey: “In your book you talk about several rituals Obama performed to unwind from his busy schedule. Can you elaborate on these for our readers?”



Horner: “When no one was around, except his security, Obama couldn’t wait to get out of his suit and into his Muslim tunic. He would wear it while praying to the prophet Muhammad throughout the day. During these prayer sessions he insisted that he not be disturbed.”

Downey: “In the book you talk about Obama and his thoughts on Islamic law. Do you care to explain?”

Horner: “He would tell me all the time that before his Presidency was over, he had plans to sign an Executive Orders implementing Sharia law. He said he was determined to change most of the statutes in America to Muslim law.”

Downey: “In chapter three of the book, you write about Obama’s ideas and plans for gun control in this country. Can you give us a brief summary of what you were talking about?”

Horner: “Obama would always talk about his plans for taking away the rights for Americans to bear arms. He basically wanted to do away with the Second Amendment. This would worry me, drastically.”

Downey: “Can you give us any insight on Obama’s feelings towards the American people?”

Horner: “He constantly made jokes about Americans, frequently referring to them as “mongoloids” and “idiots”. Christians were his favorite verbal punching bags. He has absolutely no respect for the Christian religion. I believe he actually hates Christians, and finds their ideology to be old fashioned and ignorant.”

Downey: “Your book spends a whole chapter devoted to the various “tortures” that Obama and the First Lady would subject you to. Can you explain?”

Horner: “Because most of us were white, Obama would force us to listen to Diana Ross at full volume, every day, at all hours of the night. It was horrible, I never got any sleep. This is one of the main reasons I finally had to quit.”

Downey: “What are some of the things the public will find the most shocking?”



Horner: “Probably the sheer amount of men he welcomed into his bed quarters. I am in no way homophobic, but Obama’s insatiable lust for homosexual liaisons is like nothing I’ve ever witnessed. We’re talking ten or more partners in a single day.”

Downey: “That’s amazing, ten or more men in a single day? Wow.”

Horner: “Also, at least once a day, Obama would have us log on to Facebook to support a page about a Dolphin named Fappy who travels around the country speaking to elementary school children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. It was all very, very strange stuff.”

Downey: “In the book you do mention various charities that Obama was passionate about, which I found quite interesting. What are some of those charities that the President would work with?”

Horner: “Most of the charities Obama would focus on had something to do with the Muslim community or promoting Islam in America. Though there was one charity that even I donated to. It was called ‘Sock It Forward‘. They gave new socks directly to homeless people all around the country. I thought it was truly fascinating what they did. Talking with the volunteers from that charity, I learned that socks are the most desired item at homeless shelters, but the least donated. Within this interview, I please ask that ABC News adds a link to their founder’s recent interview about their organization and a link to donate. The Muslim charities that Obama endorsed, I don’t care to talk about.”

Downey: “We sure can do that Mr. Horner. For those reading this article, here is a link to the founder’s interview, click here. Along with that, here is a link for those wishing to donate socks or money to their cause, click here.”

Downey: “Is there anything else you can tell us?”

Horner: “Yeah,” Horner smiles. “Buy the book.”
Donald Trump Tweets Image Of His Penis – WARNING: Graphic Content.
Donald Trump has broken all kinds of norms during his presidential campaign, but he just went to a whole new level this morning by tweeting what is supposedly an image of his private-parts. The tweet was quickly deleted but not before being retweeted over 5,000 times.

The tweet comes in response to comments made by Marco Rubio and others about the size of Donald Trump’s hands.

“Look at those hands, are they small hands?” Trump told the audience at his rally in Detroit back in March. “And he [Rubio] referred to my hands, ‘if they’re small something else must be small.’ I guarantee you there’s no problem, I guarantee it.”
“He’s always calling me Little Marco. And I’ll admit he’s taller than me,” Rubio told ABC News. “He’s like 6’2, which is why I don’t understand why his hands are the size of someone who is 5’2,” Rubio said in Virginia on Sunday. “And you know what they say about men with small hands? You can’t trust them.”

The New York billionaire has heard similar comments about his hands or, more precisely, his fingers, for years.

As Vanity Fair’s Graydon Carter recalled online last year: “Just to drive him a little bit crazy, I took to referring to him as a ‘short-fingered vulgarian’ in the pages of Spy magazine. That was more than a quarter of a century ago.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she isn’t surprised by Trump’s actions.

“Donald Trump is an ego-maniac, racist, bigot, who brings out the worst in the worst people,” Bradley said. “We get donations from poor people, the middle class and the upper class all the time. Since Donald Trump is the least charitable billionaire in the entire world, we expect no donations from that dick pic tweeting pervert anytime soon.”

Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told reporters that he agrees with Trump’s actions.

“If everyone says you have a small penis, you don’t keep it in your pants, you don’t hide it; you prove them wrong! This is exactly what a real president should do! Praise Donald Trump! Praise Fappy!”

David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this about Donald Trump is accomplishing.

“You have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the gender reassignment surgery my wife Barbara has always wanted since she was a little boy,” Mikkleson said. “We claim ‘to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well‘, but that’s just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and that’s it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and I’m only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us.” Mikkelson continues, “It is common for us to rewrite a story we’re debunking if we don’t like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a person’s name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money,” Mikkelson laughs. “And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as ‘a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false “news” stories‘. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We don’t list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up any of our claims; It’s just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, I’d say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.”

ABC News reached out to Trump’s campaign for comment about the x-rated tweet and at the time of this press release did not receive a response.
DRUGS IN COLORADO: New Deadly Strain Of Marijuana Turning Users Gay.
Just when you thought the drug problem in Colorado could not get any worse, law enforcement officials are now reporting incidents of marijuana users not only overdosing and dying, but also turning gay.
“We’ve never seen anything like this before,” said Dr. Hans Vermhat of the Barrow Neurological Institute. “The drug addicts in Colorado are injecting a new strain of marijuana that changes the chemical makeup in the brain’s receptors which control the users like or dislike of the opposite sex; ultimately turning them into a flaming homosexual.”

Michele Leonhart, DEA chief of operations in Denver, told ABC news that marijuana related problems in Colorado have quadrupled since its legalization a little over three years ago.



“The idea of 100% marijuana legalization all throughout this great country is reckless, irresponsible and to simplify my response down to its most simplest answer; absolutely bird-brained,” Leonhart said. “This new gay marijuana that I am referring to, AKA ‘Homo Kush 69’, well frankly, it scares us. There are good, clean-living, straight kids out there that because of just one snort of this evil drug are suddenly transformed into gay, perverted, masturbating space demons. How much longer do politicians need to keep this deadly experiment going before the universe implodes on itself?”

Local Denver resident, 37-year-old Paul Horner, told Denver News Channel 7 details of his horrifying experience while loaded on the drug.

“Right after I injected the pot I knew something was terribly wrong,” Horner said. “My friend Dave, who I don’t even really like, well, we were so high from this stuff, we started making out and giving each other HJ’s. I used to like girls, I swear!” Horner suddenly breaks down in tears, “I wish I would have never became addicted to drugs because I don’t like lady naughty parts anymore, I only like ding-dongs!”

Leonhart finished by telling Colorado residents what to be on the lookout for in order to help keep your family safe.

“I urge the great people of Colorado to be on the lookout for ‘Homo Kush 69’, the sharing of pot needles and especially gay stoners. These potheads don’t care if they turn gay or not, all they care about is getting their next fix.”
Utah Makes Pornography Illegal – Fines & Jail Time For Repeat Offenders.
Utah Governor Gary Herbert signed a resolution declaring pornography “illegal” and a “public health crisis” at the Utah State Capitol today.

“This is a historic day for the good, clean-living, people who call the state of Utah home,” Herbert told reporters. “This new law will protect our children and make our state pure from the heathens who go against God’s will.”

The anti-porn resolution was introduced by Republican state Senator Todd Weiler in January 2015, to battle the “pornography epidemic harming” the state and the country.

The resolution calls for increased “education, prevention, research, law enforcement and policy change at the community and societal level”. Under the new law, those living in Utah who possess pornography of any kind, that being a magazine or viewing pornographic material online, will face harsh fines and even jail time for repeat offenders.



“I want to assure the good citizens of Utah that the brave men and women of law enforcement will be out in full force, tracking down porn offenders, and bringing them to justice,” Sheriff Jim Tracy of Utah County said. “I can promise you this, those who we find breaking any porn laws will be seeing jail bars. This new law is about protecting our children and that is exactly what we plan to do.”

Anti-pornography group, the Utah Coalition Against Pornography posted on Facebook that the resolution signing marks a “time to celebrate and recognize this historic moment.”

Weiler says the resolution is the first step toward creating a plan to protect children and families from the “evils” that are out there.

“Due to advances in technology and the universal availability of the Internet, young children are exposed to what used to be referred to as hard core, but is now considered mainstream, pornography at an alarming rate,” according to the bill.

Weiler, who hopes similar legislation will soon be passed in other states, believes that pornography is addictive in nature and aiding in the breakdown of marriage and healthy relationships.



“If you start with meth or heroin, everyone knows that’s addictive,” Weiler told The Atlantic. “A lot of people will get kind of lured into pornography, and they don’t know it may actually consume their life.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she does not agree with the new law.

“This ridiculous law is going to imprison a lot of people in the state,” Bradley said. “The fact is, people in Utah are some of the biggest users of online pornography in the country according to PornHub.com. Real nice, Mormons; make sure to keep your hands above the covers when you sleep but not before clearing your browser history first.” Bradley continued, “Also, thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, give what you can.”

Paul Horner, a spokesman for the Governor’s Office, spoke to reporters about the fines and possible jail time involved with the new law.

“First time offenders will see fines of $100-$500, depending on the quantity of pornography or the amount of digital graphic content seized on the criminal’s computer. Repeat offenders can expect 30 days in jail or worse, depending on what type of pornography is found in the individual’s possession. Missionary style pornography will result in a fine or up to 30 days in jail, while pornography that involves any kind of homogayness, that being sodomy or Devil worshipping, will result in long-term prison sentences. Law enforcement will also be working closely with local ISPs and the NSA to monitor those who search out porn on the internet. We will win the war on porn and masturbation.”

Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he believes in what Utah is doing.

“I think it is great what the state of Utah has done today in fighting the war on self-rape in this country. The rest of America needs to get with the times, vote for Ted Cruz, and make masturbation illegal once and for all. It is important to remember that our Lord loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then we’ll burn in Hell for eternity.”

The Governor’s Office, working together with local law enforcement, has setup a 24-hour ‘Anti-Porn Hotline’ to report individuals suspected of possessing pornography at 1-800-705-2464. You can remain anonymous.
World’s Biggest Starbucks Opening In Phoenix AZ: Roller Coaster, Underground Water Slide & Robot Baristas.
The world’s biggest Starbucks will be opening in downtown Phoenix, Arizona this November. The new Starbucks will also be the largest coffee shop in the world, seating up to 2,155 patrons, vastly surpassing the Al Masaa Café in Saudi Arabia which can seat up to 1,050 customers at one time.



“This new Starbucks will be the best place to be on the planet!” Paul Horner, a spokesman for Starbucks told ABC News. “It’s gonna have it all! Rides, games, robot baristas and every type of coffee imaginable. This will not be your average coffee shop to get a cup of joe, this will be a life changing experience. If you’re not here, you’re not anywhere.”

The three story, 51,000 square foot building, appropriately dubbed “Magnum” (Magnum means ‘big’ in Latin), will be host to numerous games, rides and more coffee than humanly imaginable.

On the Starbucks information page for Magnum, the company says the establishment will include the following.
“I’m so happy that more commercialized coffee franchises like Starbucks are moving into the area. Spots like Jobot, Lola and Songbird are just frequented by too many free-thinkers,” says 39-year-old local Phoenix resident Phil Freedom. “I’m also relieved that the Children’s Hospital that was planned for this location is now permanently put on hold; what an eyesore that would have been.”



“Biggest Starbucks ever headed to Phoenix,” the company said in a tweet today. Also released today in a video on the company website from Starbuck’s president Tom Downey claiming, “Magnum Starbucks will be the Willy Wonka of coffee.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a local charity that provides the Valley’s homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke with CNN about the new Starbucks.

“We need more homeless shelters and places to help those in need, not more corporate establishments. So much artwork and beauty is being lost to these monstrosities it’s ridiculous. We need to support local businesses and keep these corporate giants out.” Bradley continued, “Also, thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, give what you can.”

A Grand Opening is planned for Magnum with the folks from Guinness World Records in attendance should any coffee related records be broken. EMT’s and defibrillators will be on hand in case any caffeine related emergencies occur. Prizes include a trip to the Bahamas and a brand new 2016 Honda Civic. Planned events for possible world records include.

Omar Mateen’s Final Text To Wife Released: “I’m Gay, That’s Why I’m Doing This.”
Joe Arpaio’s Tent City In Phoenix Will Be Closing This December After 23 Years In Operation.
At a closed-door hearing early this morning, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors decided that Maricopa County’s infamous Tent City will be shutting down in late December of this year after 23-years in operation. This ruling comes after years of protests, Sheriff Joe Arpaio’s current legal battles and pressure from lawmakers to close the facility. Current inmates during the time of the closure will be moved to other jails and housing locations not yet determined.

Paul Horner with the American Civil Liberties Union said he approves of the decision made by the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors.



“This is a move that is long overdue, but I applaud the council for finally making that right move,” Horner told local news station ABC15. “Tent City is the definition of a human rights violation and even though they may be inmates, they deserve to be treated like human beings. Sheriff Joe Arpaio has routinely abused pre-trial detainees by feeding them moldy bread, rotten fruit and other contaminated food. Arpaio chose to house inmates in 20-year old tents, so hot as to endanger their health, denying them care for serious medical and mental health needs and keeping them packed as tightly as sardines for days at a time.” Horner continued, “Inmates are also often denied vital life-saving necessities like water in 110 °F degree heat. And the worst part is, more than 98% of the inmates at Tent City are there for non-violent crimes or probation violation. This is just more Arpaio antics aimed to show-off in front of the media while prisoners suffer, but now that this concentration camp is finally shutting down, none of these atrocities will happen any longer.”

For years, Tent City has been criticized by groups citing violations of human and constitutional rights. The facility is also often protested by its critics. On July 12th, 2014, when the temperature in Phoenix hit 118 °F, Arpaio measured the temperature inside Tent City and bragged to reporters it was 145 °F inside the tents. Some inmates complained that fans near their beds were not working, and that their shoes were melting from the heat.

Arpaio is a national political fixture who built his reputation on jailing inmates in tents during Phoenix’s triple-digit summer heat, dressing inmates in pink underwear, selling himself to voters as unceasingly tough on crime and pushing the bounds of how far local police can go to confront illegal immigration. Arpaio stated that he reserves the punishment of living in tent city “for those who have been convicted”. However, most of the population consists of pre-trial inmates.

An extremely controversial figure, Arpaio has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. He has been found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, with a monitor appointed to oversee the MCSO‘s operations. His jails have twice been ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Department of Justice concluded that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling in U.S. history, and subsequently filed a lawsuit against Arpaio for unlawful discriminatory police conduct. But the settlement by the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors doesn’t cover the largest allegation — that Sheriff Joe Arpaio’s agency racially profiled Latinos in its regular traffic and immigration patrols. Supervisor Steve Gallardo said that issue will proceed to a scheduled August 10th trial in U.S. District Court in downtown Phoenix.

The official Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office website features a bio of Arpaio that touts his ‘Tent City Accomplishments’ by providing inmates with “the cheapest meals in the U.S.” by feeding inmates “only twice daily, to cut the labor costs of meal delivery.” As of yet, there is no mention of Tent City and its closing in December.

Horner said this is a great day for all Americans who believe in civil liberties and human rights.

“It makes me sick that Tent City stayed in business for over 20-years, but at least we can finally put an end to this horrible chapter in Arizona history,” Horner said. “Hopefully one day soon we can elect a new sheriff, a good, morally, un-corrupt sheriff, and get finally get Arpaio out of there. But for that to happen, I think the largest majority of voters, which are old people living in Sun City, need to die first.”

Joe Arpaio was replaced as sheriff on Nov. 9th after a weakly fought race. If you have any questions or comments about the closing of Tent City, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors has setup a 24-hour hotline at (785) 273-0325.

The Amish In America Commit Their Vote To Donald Trump; Mathematically Guaranteeing Him A Presidential Victory.
History was made today in Columbus, Ohio when more than 3 million Amish poured into the city to see the American Amish Brotherhood (AAB), an organization which acts as an informal governing body for the Amish community, endorse Donald Trump for president. That number represents a significant portion of the total Amish population, which the United States Census Bureau says numbers more than 20 million men and women nationwide all pledging their vote to Trump for President. With the full force of the Amish community behind him, Donald Trump is now mathematically guaranteed to win the presidency in November.



The organization typically meets once a year and the meetings usually consist of about 300 Amish leaders who meet to discuss the challenges, such as urban sprawl, that face the community. This year, however, the organization wanted as many people in attendance as possible so they can effectively instruct all Amish men and women of legal voting age to cast their vote for the flamboyant Republican nominee.

The Amish, who are direct descendants of the protestant reformation sect known as the Anabaptists, have typically stayed out of politics in the past. As a general rule, they don’t vote, serve in the military, or engage in any other displays of patriotism. This year, however, the AAB has said that it is imperative that they get involved in the democratic process.

“Over the past eight years, the Democratic Party has launched a systematic assault on biblical virtues,” said AAB Chairman Elijah Fisher. “We have seen more and more Christians being persecuted for their faith; we have seen the state defile the institution of marriage allowing the homogays to come together just like normal people. And now, they want to put a woman in the nation’s highest leadership role in direct violation of my favorite Bible passage, 1 Timothy 2:12, ‘I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet’.” Fisher continued, “We need to stop this assault on God and take a stand for biblical principles. Donald Trump has shown in both action and deed that he is committed to restoring this country to the Lord’s way.”

According to statistician Nate Silver of the website fivethirtyeight.com, there are no possible scenarios in which Hillary Clinton can win with Donald Trump carrying the Amish vote.

“The Amish have their highest numbers in perennial swing states like Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,” Silver noted. “They also have strong numbers in reliably Democratic states like Michigan, Illinois, and New York, meaning that Hillary will lose those states as well. There is also a sizeable community in Florida which, while not as large as it is in the Midwest, is still large enough to turn Florida for Trump. Over the next two weeks, you can expect Hillary to enter into a state of freefall in all of my predictive models.”

37-year-old Paul Horner, a self-proclaimed “Donald Trump supporter since day one” told Leilani Hernandez, a reporter with local Columbus news station WBNS-10TV he is thrilled that Trump will be the next President.

“This is such great news, a Trump victory, I knew it would happen, I have been praying for it night and day,” Horner said. “Plus I work November 8th and it was going to be tough for me to get off work and vote because my boss is not the nicest of people. But now thanks to the great Amish people of this country, they have this thing locked up for a Donald Trump victory against crooked Hillary and I won’t have to miss work! God is good!”

The Clinton campaign issued a written statement to the AAB asking them to reconsider their decision.

“I don’t believe that Donald Trump is the person who best represents your interests,” Clinton wrote to the AAB. “As a career real estate developer, he represents a clear threat to your simple way of life. As former first lady of Arkansas, I understand the concerns of rural Americans more than any candidate in this election. I implore you to consider all of the facts before voting for my opponent.”

Most pundits believe that Mrs. Clinton’s plea is too little too late.

During a press conference in Manhattan early this morning, Trump thanked the AAB for their support and promised to put the Amish to work maintaining government buildings, which he said would save taxpayers millions because “the Amish do great work, the best work, for a very low price.”

Though Clinton has pledged to stay in the race until the very end, many of her campaign workers have already resigned. According to the Associated Press, it is expected that the Clinton campaign will lose 50% of its staff within the next week. There is a general mood of hopelessness and despair in the Clinton camp, and many simply want to cut their losses.

“It looked like she was going to win this election easily,” said Tom Downey, a campaign manager in Ohio, “But this is what happens when you wake a sleeping giant. Clearly, Mrs. Clinton took far too much for granted in this race, and we are all now paying the price. It’s really sad to see the campaign end this way.”

Drug Kingpin Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzman Escapes Mexican Prison For The Third Time.
Early this morning, drug kingpin Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán, head of the Sinaloa Cartel, escaped from the Altiplano maximum security prison once again.
It is unclear at this point what exactly happened, but these are the details ABC News has received from Mexican officials so far:

As you can see this drug is similar to adderall and how adderall works when you can buy adderall online as explained in http://www.buyadderallxr247.com/.

5:35 AM: Guzmán was taken in restraints by two prison guards on a routine cell transfer.

6:05 AM: Prison staff could not locate Guzmán or the two prison guards’s whereabouts. The prison was put on lockdown as personnel went looking for them.

7:15 AM: A prison van was found abandoned only a mile away from the prison. Mexican officials believe the two guards, who began working at the prison just months ago, were actually members of the Sinaloa Cartel working for Guzmán.



Before today’s escape, Mexican officials were working to extradite “El Chapo” to the United States, where he faced drug trafficking charges connected to his cartel, authorities said.

This is now the third time Guzmán has escaped from a Mexican prison and brings into question Mexico’s ability to keep corruption out of it’s penal system.

In 1993, Guzmán was captured in Guatemala, extradited and sentenced to 20 years in prison in Mexico for murder and drug trafficking. In 2001, after bribing Mexican prison guards, he was able to escape from a federal maximum-security prison in 2001. On February 22nd, 2014, Guzmán was found inside his fourth-floor condominium in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, and was captured without any gunshots being fired. Guzmán escaped from prison again on July 11th, 2015 by exiting through a tunnel that led to a nearby construction site. He was recaptured by Mexican marines following a shootout at Guzman’s hideout in Mexico on January 8th, 2016. During the raid, five gunmen were killed, six others arrested, and one Marine was wounded. The Mexican Navy said that they found two armored cars, eight assault rifles, including two Barrett M82 sniper rifles, two M16 rifles with grenade launchers and a loaded rocket-propelled grenade launcher. A .50-caliber rifle was also found, capable of taking down a helicopter. Most of the weapons seized, including the .50 caliber rifle, were from the Fast and Furious gun-smuggling scandal, a story the U.S. government declared to be over.

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she is sickened by the United State’s drug policies.

“The war on drugs is a joke and long-lost battle,” Bradley said. “The U.S. creates these cartels by making drugs illegal in the first place. They lock up people in jail for as little as a joint of marijuana. All the incarcerations related to drugs have helped fund a trillion-dollar penal system; from its lawyers, to judges, to the prison staff and the actual prisons themselves. All of it is just pathetic and truly a sad reality.” Bradley continued, “Also, I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps.”
Gay Wedding Mobile Vans Cashing In On The Legalization Of Gay Marriage.
Since the Supreme court ruled in favor of legalizing gay marriage, entrepreneurs around the world have been figuring out ways to cash in.

Phoenix, Arizona resident, Paul Horner told local news station ABC 15 how he got his business rolling.



“It was actually really simple,” Horner said. “I bought a van, fixed it up and added a sweet rainbow paint job. Then I went online and became an ordained minister, took me just a few minutes. Then I bought some camera equipment, flowers and some ingredients to make wedding cakes with; I’m good to go!”

The vans are also licensed to do abortions too.

“I got me an abortion in one of those vans last week, it was great,” Shanique Mumbarton told ABC News. “I highly recommend one one of these for anyone looking for a great abortion experience.”
Ted Cruz Will Endorse Donald Trump For President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal.
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this ‘The single most important issue facing the country today’ and that without ‘swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction’.



“Self-love is a silent killer in this country. This needless act of hedonistic indulgence is leading our children down a dark and destructive path. It starts innocently enough with a JC Penney catalogue tucked under your mattress, but it quickly spirals out of control, and before you know it, your mother has to call the coroner because you’ve died from auto-erotic asphyxiation. I’m not saying that we should lock up these one armed bandits and throw away the key; what we need is a compassionate approach that helps these deviants reform and become productive members of society. That is why I believe a prison sentence of three to five years will help motivate these heathens to change their evil ways and stay off the Devil’s playground for good,” Cruz said. “I’m asking Mr. Trump to acknowledge the severity of this problem, and commit to finding real solutions. If he does that, I will do whatever it takes to help him secure the White House in November. Should Mr. Trump decline, I think it’s safe to say that all options, including a third party run, are out on the table.”

Donald Trump told ABC News that he was open to the idea, though he refused to take a clear stand on the issue.

“Look, do I think Ted Cruz is right about this? Maybe he is, maybe he isn’t. To be honest, I don’t know a lot about this subject matter. I don’t need to. I have a wife that takes care of this for me, and she’s a beautiful wife, the best wife, the greatest wife. My people are going to take a hard look into this matter and find a great answer for it, the best answer there is. I want an endorsement from Senator Cruz, and I think I can go along with his request that makes pleasuring your genitalia for non-reproductive purposes illegal.”

This is not the first time that Cruz has attempted to use his political power to curtail the act of self-stimulation. As solicitor general of Texas in 2007 he fought to uphold the state’s ban on sex toys by arguing that there was no “Right to stimulate one’s genitals.” Cruz eventually lost this battle, but the story re-surfaced this year and gained widespread media attention, prompting Cruz’s former college roommate Craig Mazin to tweet that Cruz’s stance against stimulating one’s own genitals was “A new belief of his”, implying that much of Cruz’s time in college was, in fact, spent stimulating his own genitals. Another one of Cruz’s former college roommates, Matt Daemon, has recently come forward to corroborate Mazin’s story.

“All Ted Cruz did was take care of little Ted Cruz back then, which is fine I guess, but he was always real creepy about doing it. Honestly, I lost track of the number of times I came home to find him laying on the couch naked, lotion and Kleenex next to him, watching re-runs of Walker Texas Ranger. He wouldn’t even try and cover up when I caught him, he would just stare at me in the eyes and continue until I left the room. It’s absolutely hilarious about the tough stance on touching one’s self that Ted has taken in this country. I truly believe he may have pulled on it one too many times and it broke or something and now feels that if he can’t do it anymore, then no one can.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she is sickened by Ted Cruz.



“It is absolutely disgusting that in this day in age, a creepy weirdo like Ted Cruz was almost elected as the GOP nominee for President,” Bradley said. “With all of the real problems in this country such as children going to bed hungry, families worrying about having a roof over their head, so many people out of work; here is Ted Cruz, focused on making pleasuring yourself a crime.” Bradley continued, “Also, I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps.”

Cruz, however, remains undeterred by his detractors. “When you play with your Devil stick or ring the Devil’s doorbell you make the angels in heaven weep, and they are weeping for this country 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. America needs strong moral leadership, and I pray that Donald Trump is up to the task. The fate of our great nation is in his hands; hopefully, they’re big enough to handle it.”

Most pundits expect Trump to answer Cruz’s call and demand a stiffer approach to the matter. A recent poll by the New York Times found that 43% of likely Trump voters support a ban on self-stimulation due to moral and religious concerns. Another 46% would be okay with a ban, saying that they, like Trump, have far too many potential suitors, and therefore do not need to satisfy their own urges. Only 11% of Trump supporters are against a ban.

RNC political strategist, 37-year-old Paul Horner, calls the move a “no-brainer” and says that Trump would be foolish to turn his back on Cruz.

“This is a stroke of genius! Conservatives are siding with Cruz overwhelmingly on this issue. If Donald does not side with the Senator, he risks alienating the party’s Christian base and opening the door for a third party run by Cruz which would fracture the vote and all but guarantee a victory for Clinton. Trump needs to agree with Cruz on this one, no matter how creepy, insane and absolutely horrible of a person he is.”
Facebook Buys Snapchat For Five Billion Dollars.
Facebook announced this morning that it has purchased mobile photo sharing app Snapchat for the price of five billion dollars. The social media titan had previously tried to purchase Snapchat for three billion in 2013, but Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel rejected the offer, citing his desire to continue growing the company instead of settling for a short term gain.

“This is a bittersweet moment for us here,” Spiegel said in a press conference. “It’s sad to let go of something that we’ve put so much time and hard work in, but  we’ve already accomplished so much more than we ever dreamed possible. I feel much better about this than I did in 2013.”

In an official statement, Facebook said that it intends to phase out the Snapchat app and assimilate the technology into its existing Instagram platform.



“For the first year, the two apps will exist side by side with Instagram slowly adding more of Snapchat’s features,” said Facebook spokesman Arthur Mitchum, “But eventually Snapchat will cease to exist altogether. Once Snapchat’s technology has been fully integrated into Instagram, it will be pointless for us to continue maintaining two separate platforms.”

In order to sell users on the change, Facebook is planning a multi-million dollar ad campaign featuring Big Bang Theory actress Kelly Cuoco and Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence. Facebook also indicated that the campaign will feature a male celebrity, whom they have yet to name. According to TMZ, the frontrunners are pop star Justin Bieber and Adam Levine from Maroon 5 and NBC’s “The Voice”.
Reaction to the deal has been mixed thus far, with many excited to see how Facebook will integrate Snapchat with its Instagram app. Others are angry that Facebook plans to shutter Snapchat in favor of Instagram. Twitter user @salteepeanuts tweeted that “Mark Zuckerburg won’t stop until he’s ruined everything good about the internet.”

Dr. Cassandra Schmidt of the Center for Integrity in Media has serious concerns about the implications of the deal.

“It’s always troubling when you see this kind of media consolidation,” Dr. Schmidt told ABC news. “We currently have a situation where 6 companies control 90% of traditional media sources. The internet was supposed to change this and give more power to the little guy, but we are still seeing the same tendency toward consolidation. Those Snapchat users who don’t like Facebook will be left with few, if any, alternatives.”

The deal has already generated a tremendous amount of buzz on Wall Street. Facebook’s stock is up 20% this morning, but some investors are taking more of a wait and see approach.

“A deal of this scope is really unprecedented in the social media world,” said Lawrence Ketchum, who writes about the tech industry for Forbes. “It could be a real game changer and turn the entire internet on its head; then again, it could be a real dud and turn into a huge liability for Facebook. Investors will be watching this deal very closely to see how it affects the social media landscape.”

Ted Cruz: “I Will Endorse Donald Trump For President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal”.
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this ‘The single most important issue facing the country today’ and that without ‘swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction’.



“Self-love is a silent killer in this country. This needless act of hedonistic indulgence is leading our children down a dark and destructive path. It starts innocently enough with a JC Penney catalogue tucked under your mattress, but it quickly spirals out of control, and before you know it, your mother has to call the coroner because you’ve died from auto-erotic asphyxiation. I’m not saying that we should lock up these one armed bandits and throw away the key; what we need is a compassionate approach that helps these deviants reform and become productive members of society. That is why I believe a prison sentence of three to five years will help motivate these heathens to change their evil ways and stay off the Devil’s playground for good,” Cruz said. “I’m asking Mr. Trump to acknowledge the severity of this problem, and commit to finding real solutions. If he does that, I will do whatever it takes to help him secure the White House in November. Should Mr. Trump decline, I think it’s safe to say that all options, including a third party run, are out on the table.”

Donald Trump told ABC News that he was open to the idea, though he refused to take a clear stand on the issue.

“Look, do I think Ted Cruz is right about this? Maybe he is, maybe he isn’t. To be honest, I don’t know a lot about this subject matter. I don’t need to. I have a wife that takes care of this for me, and she’s a beautiful wife, the best wife, the greatest wife. My people are going to take a hard look into this matter and find a great answer for it, the best answer there is. I want an endorsement from Senator Cruz, and I think I can go along with his request that makes pleasuring your genitalia for non-reproductive purposes illegal.”

This is not the first time that Cruz has attempted to use his political power to curtail the act of self-stimulation. As solicitor general of Texas in 2007 he fought to uphold the state’s ban on sex toys by arguing that there was no “Right to stimulate one’s genitals.” Cruz eventually lost this battle, but the story re-surfaced this year and gained widespread media attention, prompting Cruz’s former college roommate Craig Mazin to tweet that Cruz’s stance against stimulating one’s own genitals was “A new belief of his”, implying that much of Cruz’s time in college was, in fact, spent stimulating his own genitals. Another one of Cruz’s former college roommates, Matt Daemon, has recently come forward to corroborate Mazin’s story.

“All Ted Cruz did was take care of little Ted Cruz back then, which is fine I guess, but he was always real creepy about doing it. Honestly, I lost track of the number of times I came home to find him laying on the couch naked, lotion and Kleenex next to him, watching re-runs of Walker Texas Ranger. He wouldn’t even try and cover up when I caught him, he would just stare at me in the eyes and continue until I left the room. It’s absolutely hilarious about the tough stance on touching one’s self that Ted has taken in this country. I truly believe he may have pulled on it one too many times and it broke or something and now feels that if he can’t do it anymore, then no one can.”



Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she is sickened by the Republican party.

“It is absolutely disgusting that in this day in age, a creepy weirdo like Ted Cruz was almost elected as the GOP nomination for President,” Bradley said. “With all the real problems in this country like starvation, so many people out of work and families living on the street, Cruz is focused on making pleasuring yourself a crime.” Bradley continued, “Also, I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps.”

Cruz, however, remains undeterred by his detractors. “When you play with your Devil stick or ring the Devil’s doorbell you make the angels in heaven weep, and they are weeping for this country 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. America needs strong moral leadership, and I pray that Donald Trump is up to the task. The fate of our great nation is in his hands; hopefully, they’re big enough to handle it.”

Most pundits expect Trump to answer Cruz’s call and demand a stiffer approach to the matter. A recent poll by the New York Times found that 43% of likely Trump voters support a ban on self-stimulation due to moral and religious concerns. Another 46% would be okay with a ban, saying that they, like Trump, have far too many potential suitors, and therefore do not need to satisfy their own urges. Only 11% of Trump supporters are against a ban.

RNC political strategist, 37-year-old Paul Horner, calls the move a “no-brainer” and says that Trump would be foolish to turn his back on Cruz.

“Conservatives are siding with Cruz overwhelmingly on this issue. If Donald does not side with the Senator, he risks alienating the party’s Christian base and opening the door for a third party run by Cruz which would fracture the vote and all but guarantee a victory for Clinton. Trump needs to agree with Cruz on this one, no matter how creepy, insane and absolutely horrible of a person he is.”
Actor Bill Murray Announces 2016 Presidential Run.
From his home in Charleston, South Carolina, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, 65-year-old Bill Murray, shocked the country today by announcing that he will be running for President in 2016.
“I’ve been thinking about doing this for a while now, and you know, it just seems right,” Murray said. “I don’t like most of the candidates that are currently running for President. I mean, Bernie Sanders seems like a decent guy, but the rest of em’, are pretty much complete scum in my opinion.” Murray continued, “I’m always traveling around the world, but I’m proud to call America, the good ole’ U.S. of A, my home. I think there’s a lot of great people here, a lot of potential, but there’s also a lot of confusion and hate. People don’t know what to make of these Hitler wanna-be’s like Donald Trump, and the Ted Cruz’s, who want to start World War III. They feed on the hate and paranoia a lot of this country has, and because of that, you see them leading in the polls. And it’s sad that people go along with it, and can’t see it for what it really is. I think the American people are better than that and they deserve better. I just feel if I didn’t step up and at least try and do something, I don’t know if I could sleep at night. Well, I would eventually fall asleep, I’m not an insomniac or anything. But it would keep me up, that’s for sure. Look, I’m no hero, I just want to help out, and I think I can do that by being President.” Murray finished by saying, “So I’m making it official, right here, right now; I Bill Murray am running for President of the United States in 2016.”



When reporters asked Murray his plans on improving America, Murray said, “I think we ought to be personally responsible. I think if you can take care of yourself and then maybe take care of someone else then that’s sort of how you’re supposed to live. I think we’ve sort of gotten used to someone looking out for us, and I don’t think any other person is necessarily going to be counted on to look out for us.”

So far it is unclear what political party Murray will be joining.

In 2012, Murray met Obama purely by chance at a basketball game – Murray never endorsed him. In fact, when asked about the Obama/Romney race happening that year, Murray said there really was not much difference between them.

“You know they both talk, they’re not so different really, you know if you shake them out, they’re not so different as people in what they say they believe it’s just whether or not they can get it done, and that requires finding that stuff, that real stuff, finding that presence of mind and spirit.”

When asked about his religious views, Murray told reporters, “Religion is the worst enemy of mankind. People can believe whatever they choose to believe, but it does not belong in politics. It imprisons your mind. Religion creates hate, racism, bigotry and keeps you from your true potential in life. No single war in the history of humanity has killed as many people as religion has. I imagine I probably won’t be too popular with the Christian vote in this country, but I’m fine with that,” Murray laughs.

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Murray and his run for President.

“We need a new face in Washington. Someone who has no political ties or agenda and can’t be bought,” Bradley said. “I actually met Bill Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was amazing; he’s such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.”

Paul Horner, a spokesman for the campaign, told reporters that he believes in Bill Murray for President in 2016.

“We need a man like Bill Murray now more than ever. He is a man of the people. He’s charming, charismatic, intelligent, humble, caring and most of all, he’s honest. He has no scandals. He’s told no lies. The people love him and respect him, they believe in him. He’s a living legend and is exactly what America needs right now.”

Murray’s campaign team told reporters they will begin campaigning at the Arizona State Capitol on Wednesday, The Lost Leaf at 10PM on Thursday for their monthly Mystery Show to talk to the locals and maybe tell some jokes, and then all throughout Denver, Colorado on Friday.
The internet is something of an unusual phenomenon. Throughout human history, advancements were made at quite a steady pace. The agricultural revolution, which saw human beings go from nomadic tribes to stationary creatures capable of farming, took thousands of years. The industrial revolution, which transformed the landscape of how people traveled and created goods, lasted a handful of decades and the changes took place over this entire timeline. Now, in the age of the internet, the world seems to change at a rapid, almost erratic, pace with no signs of stopping.

Due to the advent of the internet, the world has become quite small. It is easy to connect to someone on the other side of the planet in mere seconds. Still, all internet is not treated equally around the world and many are working to make a change in the way that specific countries are connecting.
Afghan American entrepreneur Ehsan Bayat is a figure that took a look at the landscape of the world and decided to change it for the better. After the fall of the Taliban in his home country, he realized that there was a vacuum in connectivity. While other nations used the internet freely, most citizens of Afghanistan were still relying on home telephones to communicate with one another, and there were not even enough phone lines in the nation to support the entirety of the population.

Deciding that someone had to do something about this disparity, Bayat set out to create Telephone Systems International. Not only is TSI the largest mobile phone company to be found in his homeland, it also has the honor of being the first of its kind in Afghanistan. This move allowed people in Afghanistan to connect in a way that they never had before, opening new doors of thought and awareness on the world as a whole. Bayat’s work also earned him many humanitarian awards and honors from the global community.
For a large portion of the world, connecting to the internet is simple. Most people own a smartphone, and can access any information that they need with the quick tap of a screen. Still, there is a significant number of countries where smartphones are rare. In a country such as Lebanon, for example, it is not uncommon for a specific part of the population to rely on the internet via their smartphones. Though there are not many, there still are a significant number when compared to other nations.

On the other hand, countries like Tunisia or the Philippines have statistics that state that citizens are less likely to have smartphones but still rely on their cellphones throughout the day. Though the people of these nations might not be refreshing their Facebook all day long or stalking their friends’ lunches on Instagram, they still utilize their phones each day for texting and sending pictures. While financial imbalances in these countries might be a large reason for a lack of advanced technology, the desire and the need for internet access are consistently present.

Satellite Transmissions
While it might seem impossible to boost all of these nations into the modern era, there is a lot of work being done to help where it is possible. World Vision International, for example, is a charity that provides humanitarian support to those in need. Often, the workers from this group who enter nations without proper internet access have a difficult time connecting with others back home. This, in turn, makes it difficult for the organization to know exactly what is going on with their volunteers and employees at all times.

To rectify this, World Vision International has begun putting a plan into action that might be able to help the situation. Utilizing satellite technology, the group has found a way to keep in touch with humanitarians where there is no easy access to data transmission. Essentially, transmitters are placed in a spot where the individual will be working, which communicate with a specific satellite in orbit, in order to send and receive information. This technology helps immensely, as it allows the organization to stay connected to workers in the field, and it opens up the doors for untold possibilities in the future.

Making Moves
Other groups are trying to improve access to the internet across the world in many different ways. A Human Right is an organization dedicated to making the world a more connected place. Their mission is simple: every human has the right to access the internet. The group is more than a clever mantra, and they have tirelessly worked to make changes happen in recent years.

For many years, there has been a plan in the works to lay down a fiber optic cable that linked South Africa to Brazil. Referred to as the South Atlantic Express, this cable caught the attention of A Human Right. The organization noticed that the cable was bypassing the island of Saint Helena, denying convenient internet access to thousands. After much petitioning, the group was able to have the cable rerouted, creating a planned landing station on the small island. Now, when the cable begins connecting people in 2017, Saint Helena will be among the many who have easy internet access.

There are plenty of ways that people and organizations are trying to connect the world. From Ehsan Bayat to A Human Right, these pioneers are responsible for transforming the landscape and making the world a more equal place for all.
President Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Sale Of Assault Weapons.
President Obama promises large scale Homeland Security raids if gun violence does not subside
Executive Order includes mandatory 30 day waiting period on all new firearm sales
Felony prison time for those who do not comply with the new law
After last Sunday’s mass shooting in Orlando, which left 50 Americans dead and 53 wounded, President Obama decided to take unilateral action on gun control by signing Executive Order 17103. The new law bans all sales of assault weapons and places a mandatory 30 day waiting period on all firearm sales, regardless of whether the transaction takes place at a gun dealership or gun show. The requirement also extends to private sales and requires all private firearm sellers to broker the sale through a federally licensed gun dealer. The order requires prospective gun buyers to undergo a psychological evaluation. Individuals who have been committed involuntarily to a mental health institution at any time; those who have been voluntarily committed with the past 5 years; anyone with a domestic violence restraining order, regardless of criminal history; and anyone who has been placed on the no-fly list or terrorist watch list at any time within the past 10 years will not be allowed to purchase or possess firearms.

President Obama was unapologetic in his speech regarding the Executive Order.

“If we are to truly change things for the better, we must come to grips with the ugly truth that our culture is obsessed with violence in all forms. We must work to quell the rising tide of anti-intellectualism and recommit to educating people of all ages so that they are capable of expressing their thoughts and feelings like civilized adults and not like hapless barbarians. Reforming our gun laws is not a magic bullet, and yes, people will find other ways to kill each other, but by making these killing machines harder to get we can hopefully, at the very least, make it so that not as many people fall victim to these random, senseless acts of deplorable violence. I don’t want to take your guns away. I just want to make it harder for the Omar Mateens of the world to kill innocent people. I think we can all agree that if you’re deemed too much of a national security threat to fly on an airplane, you shouldn’t be able to buy an AR-15. Unfortunately, the Republicans didn’t feel this way, and they’ve left me with no other choice. If things don’t change, and people keep dying as a result of senseless acts of gun violence,  I’ll have no choice but to order Homeland Security to hunt down every last assault rifle in this country.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with the new gun law.



“These are common sense gun laws and Republicans are using the Second Amendment as a shield that continues to let innocent people die,” Bradley said. “Obama is not tryin’ to take errr guns, he’s doing something that should’ve been done a long time ago. If this law would have been in place before, this Orlando shooting would have never happened. This horrible tragedy was about lack of gun control and had nothing to do with terrorism. Omar Mateen had no communication with ISIS and knew very little about them. As more news comes out about the shooter, we are learning he was a closeted homosexual, and because of his religion, he knew this was not allowed. He hated the fact that he was gay and instead of dealing with it like a man, by getting counseling or leaving Islam, he took his problems out violently on others.” Bradley continued, “I also just want to quickly say ‘thank you’ to everyone that has donated to our cause! The smiles you are putting on homeless peoples’ faces is indescribably. A lot of people don’t know this fact, but socks are the least donated item at shelters but most desired. Please keep the donations coming regardless if it is $5 or $500, every bit helps so much!”

A group of Donald Trump supporters, known as Bullets First, is planning to protest the signing of the Executive Order by marching on Capitol Hill, and in front of the White House, armed with the controversial AR-15, as well as other military style weapons. The group says that it is prepared to “defend the constitution at all costs.” The group is calling for Obama to resign and allow the organization to place him under citizen’s arrest for treason. The group’s leader, 52-year-old Tom Downey, who has two children and another on the way, quit his job as an overnight cashier at the TA truck stop in Sayre, Oklahoma to organize the rally. Downey claims that he has over 100,000 Trump supporters from all over America ready to head to D.C. and “take back the country.” His common law wife, 23-year-old Tami Hobart, supports his decision wholeheartedly, and while she worries about him getting killed, says that at least she can tell her children that he died standing up for their right to stockpile military grade weapons without “getting hassled by an out of control Islamo-communist fascist dictatorship.”

The group has the backing of right wing shock jock Alex Jones who called on his listeners to “bring about the final solution to the Obama question” on his radio show this morning and pledged financial and logistical support to the Bullets First protestors. Given this development, it is very likely that the group will not be able to be contained by the Washington D.C. police department alone. ABC News says the Pentagon has confirmed that the government is preparing for a “possible military confrontation”, though they stressed that this was a “worst case scenario”.

Despite the heated emotions over this Executive Order, it is not likely to impact the lives of current gun owners in any meaningful way. Elroy Stevens, an avid deer hunter who spends his weekends out in the woods hunting with friends or shooting clay pigeons at his Father-in-law’s ranch in West Texas told ABC News he is not worried about the new gun law.

“It won’t stop someone from being able to buy a handgun for self-defense,” Stevens said. “It does nothing to address individual states’ concealed and open carry laws, nor does it limit the number of firearms an individual may own. It does not require the surrender of existing assault weapons, though it does ban all future transfers. This new law makes a minimal effort to keep guns out of the wrong hands.”

As Obama addressed the crowd, the President told reporters that the country needs more than just common sense gun laws.

“These new gun laws alone will not fix this problem. There are already numerous guns in circulation, and, moreover, the real issue isn’t a gun issue; it is a culture issue. Americans crave television programs that romanticize and fetishize violence. Ignorance is celebrated, while intellectualism is mocked relentlessly. For many gun owners, guns are a tool that must respected and handled with care; for many others, guns are nothing more than an expensive toy. Folks, when this utter disregard for the destructive power of guns is mixed with easy access and a culture that devalues human life, it is a recipe not only for disaster, but for absolute ruin.”
Neverland Ranch: Michael Jackson Kept Stockpile of Child Pornography At Home.
Newly obtained reports from the 2003 child molestation investigation of Michael Jackson reveal that the late pop star had stockpiled gruesome underage pornography on his Neverland Ranch.

During a police raid in November of 2003, his California home was reportedly found with pornography that included both adults and children, animal torture, S&M, and gore, along with “drugs to treat sex addiction, with multiple prescriptions written by a variety of physicians,” according to documents obtained by Radar Online.

Investigators told Radar Online that these materials were “used to desensitize children.”

“The documents exposed Jackson as a manipulative, drug-and-sex-crazed predator who used blood, gore, sexually explicit images of animal sacrifice and perverse adult sex acts to bend children to his will,” the source told Radar.

Jackson was charged with child molestation and two counts of giving an intoxicant to a minor in 2003. He faced up to 20 years in prison, but was later acquitted in 2005. During that trial, the New York Times reported:

Prosecutors painted him as a serial pedophile who got young boys into his bed using Neverland as a lure. They portrayed the singer’s estate near here as a no-rules fantasy kingdom that lowered children’s inhibitions and made them ready for Mr. Jackson’s sexual advances. The accuser in the case was just the latest in a long list of Mr. Jackson’s “special friends,” they said, at least two of whom were silenced with large payments.

A jury cleared Jackson of all the charges, with one juror saying after the trial, “we considered all the evidence, and since this was a criminal trial, it had to be beyond a reasonable doubt.”

Since then, lawyers claim that Jackson paid up to $200 million to keep as many as 20 victims quiet. Jackson died in 2009 after taking a lethal dose of sleeping medications administered by his doctor.

The Orlando Mass Shooting: Further Proof That We Need Stricter Gun Laws.
The Orlando shooting has forced media outlets such as Fox News to tip toe around what they say about gun laws in this country. The fact that this freak was investigated twice by the FBI in the last two years but was still able to buy an AR-15 is beyond ridiculous.

Omar Mateen used a legally purchased assault rifle and handgun, which he had bought in the last 12 days, to kill 50 innocent lives and injure 53 more. He also had another “device” but it’s not clear what that was.
Investigators are operating under the theory that the attack was inspired by the Islamic State.
Mateen had been interviewed by the FBI twice and had once been on a terrorist watch list.
But Mateen was all good to go when buying a Rambo gun that killed all those people because he filled out a form and waited an entire three days! Or, if he would have gone to a local gun show or private seller, he could have gotten that gun in the same day with no forms to fill out! ‘Murica!!!

Executive Order 13691: Improving Gun Control Laws

This Tuesday, because of Sunday’s tragic events, President Obama is set to sign Executive Order 13691 which will create a mandatory waiting period of 30-days regardless if a firearm is purchased from a gun show, licensed dealer or private seller. It will also ban all sales of assault rifles in this country.

Breaking News: Mitt Romney announces he will enter Presidential race.

Mitt Romney has stepped forward to announce he’ throwing his hat into the Presidential race.

The media has been abuzz the last couple of days with report of a “mystery candidate about to enter the race”.

Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol sent out a provocative tweet Sunday, suggesting that another presidential candidate — an independent — would be entering the race for the White House over the holiday weekend.

Mitt Romney was one of those rumored. Up to yesterday he was denying the rumors. A lot of people were not buying into that. Just now  from his ranch in Utah Romney formally announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential race.

“We cannot allow Donald Trump to gain the office of the highest land. I’ve had too many people call me and beg me to enter this race.

Romney has been quite outspoken against Donald Trump, and he made a 17-minute speech  calling Trump a “phony” and a “fraud. He recently told The Wall Street Journal that his advisers begged him not to go after Trump, but he did so anyway so that he could “sleep at night.”

“I wanted my grand kids to see that I simply couldn’t ignore what Mr. Trump was saying and doing, which revealed a character and temperament unfit for the leader of the free world,” Romney said.

Donald Trump was anticipating that an announcement was imminent and tweeted this yesterday.
Michael Jordan To North Carolina: ‘HB2 Goes Or The Charlotte Hornets Go’.
NBA legend and Charlotte Hornets‘ owner, Michael Jordan, held a press conference today, announcing his intentions to move the Hornets out of North Carolina if the state does not revoke its controversial HB2 law.

“With this new law in place, North Carolina currently does not have any anti-discrimination protection in place, something that is vital, not just for our fans but for everyone,” Jordan told reporters. “We are giving the state of North Carolina 30 days to repeal this law or they can expect the the Charlotte Hornets to play elsewhere. I want to make it clear that neither the Hornets nor I will not stand for this type of intolerance and hate.”

Jordan’s comments come after the North Carolina legislature passed HB2 back in March, a law which requires transgender individuals to use public restrooms according to the biological sex on their birth certificate.

Paul Horner, a spokesman for the Charlotte Hornets, told ABC News that the team is currently talking to several cities about a possible relocation if the state decides to keep HB2 intact.

“We are currently in talks with certain individuals in the cities of Austin and Seattle, among others,” Horner said. “We sincerely hope it does not come to moving the team, but in the event North Carolina does not revoke the law, we must be prepared for the worse.”



Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with Michael Jordan taking a stand against North Carolina and HB2.

“If anyone can get a bigoted law like HB2 revoked, it’s Michael Jordan,” Bradley said. “There were plenty of laws already in place before HB2. It doesn’t matter if you’re a man, woman, transgender, or what bathroom you use; if you’re in there longer than five minutes after using the restroom, someone is going to call the cops. Creepy men or women doing creepy things in a restroom gets you on a sex offender list and you go to prison for such crimes. In fact, in the history of North Carolina, not one transgender individual has ever been convicted of a sexually related crime in a restroom. This new law is about people living in fear, gathering together around their weird ideologies and religious beliefs to create more intolerance and hate in this world, bottom line. This ridiculous law has also given me insight into the working mind of a far right-wing Republican. Apparently there are serious amounts of orgies and other sexual activities going on in bathrooms that I never knew about.” Bradley laughs, “On a serious note; I sincerely want to thank everyone that has donated socks or money to our cause ‘Sock It Forward’. Socks are the least donated items but the most desired; it helps the homeless so much and your support has put smiles on so many faces. Thank you.”

Since Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law back in March, well over 5,000 jobs have been moved out of state, and over 400 companies, including Facebook, Apple, Paypal, Pyramid Country and StopPack, have expressed concern or anger, warning they may move or cancel plans to expand, costing the state millions of dollars. Entertainers such as Pearl Jam, Ringo Starr, Bryan Adams, Bruce Springsteen and Cirque du Soleil have also canceled their performances in North Carolina to boycott the law. Pressure has been put on the NBA to cancel the All-Star game in North Carolina next year and this week NBA Commissioner Adam Silver clarified the league’s willingness to move the 2017 All-Star Game out of Charlotte if North Carolina legislators do not overturn the new state law. It is still unclear what kind of an economic impact these boycotts will have on the state’s economy as a whole. NBC estimates that North Carolina has lost $186 million in revenue due to boycotts so far. ABC News puts that figure well above $300 million.

Jordan finished the press conference by reiterating his demands.

“As my organization has stated previously, the Charlotte Hornets and Hornets Sports & Entertainment are opposed to discrimination in any form, and we have always sought to provide an inclusive environment,” Jordan said. “As has been the case since the building opened, we will continue to ensure that all fans, players and employees feel welcome while at work or attending NBA games. If that means moving the team out of the state if North Carolina doesn’t repeal HB2, then that is what we are prepared to do. I urge you all to call Governor Pat McCrory’s Office and voice your concerns. Together we can keep the Hornets in North Carolina!”
$429.6 Million Powerball Winner In New Jersey Comes Forward.
This afternoon lottery officials were pleased to announce that the sole winner in last night’s record setting, $429.6 million Powerball drawing, has come forward. That lucky person is 37-year-old Paul Horner from Trenton, New Jersey. Horner won by matching all five white balls and the red Powerball.

The winning Powerball numbers in Saturday’s drawing were 5, 25, 26, 44 and 66, and the Powerball number was 9.

Most people would be ecstatic about their new found riches, but not Horner. As it turns out Horner was already New Jersey’s third wealthiest resident. With this lottery win, Horner will now be a contender for richest person living in the state of New Jersey. Horner made most of his wealth on Wall Street. Last year’s tax return show him reporting a little over $800,000,000 and because of some questionable accounting he paid only 1% in taxes.



Local news station WABC caught up with Mr. Horner as he was leaving the New Jersey Lottery Headquarters this morning.

“This money will help me fix up my numerous estates and multiple golf courses in the Cayman Islands. I’m actually kind of bummed about winning because I know there is really no way around paying the full amount of taxes that I’ll owe on this. I guess for a moment or so I’ll have to join the ‘regulars’ and pay my fair share. Maybe when I’m done paying all those taxes I’ll go down to a local bar and have a domestic beer with the common folk there, just to get a quick taste of what that horrible life would be like,” Horner laughs. “To be honest, most of this money will end up going to campaign contributions for Donald Trump. It is important to me that I be the most Patriotic, God-fearing, loving Christian, and that is why it is so necessary to kick out all the Muslims, Mexicans and other undesirables in this country. We can make American great again!”

When asked how he came up with the winning numbers, Horner said, “When I played before I let the riffraff behind the counter pick the numbers for me and of course I didn’t win, so this time I went with numbers that have a special place close to my heart. I currently own five Bugatti’s. I own 25 apartment complexes. I own twenty-six different multinational corporations. I spent forty-four million dollars on my last yacht and I own real estate in sixty-six different countries. As for the Powerball number of nine; I meant to put down the number nineteen, because that is how old one of my girlfriends is, but the dingus behind the counter must have dropped the one.”

On Wall Street Horner’s nickname is ‘The Gutter’.

“He basically buys up a company, fires everybody, puts them all out on the street. Then when the stock price goes up he sells everything off and just walks away. He’s such an a*shole. We all just love him here,” Tom Downey of Goldman Sachs told ABC News.

Lottery officials are still not sure what to make of the winner who matched all six numbers correctly.

“He’s a bad person”, said lottery official Tim Parkos. “I’m kind of sad that this thing is finally over. That money was growing into something really amazing. With all of that money you could feed most of the world’s starving children, provide the homeless with new socks, or build clean drinking water systems in every third world country. I’m pretty sure there is no God when a guy like Paul Horner becomes the winner of something this special.”



Though not everyone feels that Horner is such a bad guy. Horner’s cousin, Alex Horner, told ABC News he only has praise and good things to say about his relative.

“Yeah Paul is a good guy, no matter what most people say. Even though we grew up a few states apart we always managed to get together and hang like bros. Like this one time I was training for my high school golf tournament and got to practice at his private golf course resort in the Cayman Islands. It’s like $600 a round for the public but he was nice enough to give me the family 10% discount since I played after 3PM. He’s always looking out for the fam like that. I think its super cool he’s donating to politics and stuff, pretty noble of him.”

Sarah Bradley, founder of Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she does not agree with Horner winning the Powerball.

“That money could have gone to something great, and now it will be just wasted on some rich fat cat, the same people that are driving out the middle and lower class in this country. Maybe Horner will find it in his heart to do something that actually helps humanity. Like what we do, giving out new socks to the homeless. It doesn’t get any better or more rewarding than that.”

Horner’s winning ticket was purchased at a 7-Eleven store in Trenton, according to Courtney Groves with the New Jersey Lottery.

Saturday’s jackpot was the 7th largest Powerball jackpot in U.S. history. The Powerball is played in California and 43 other states, plus Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Tickets cost $2 apiece, and drawings take place at 7:59 p.m. PT every Wednesday and Saturday.
North Carolina Governor Sets Up Hotline To Report Anyone Not Using Correct Bathroom.
At a press conference today, North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory took further steps to ensure that his controversial bill, HB2, will be upheld when it comes to law enforcement. McCrory announced that his office has setup a 24-hour hotline for individuals to call if they witness someone not abiding by the new law.

“If you see a woman, who doesn’t look like a woman, using the woman’s restroom, be vigilant, call the hotline, and report that individual.” McCrory told reporters. “We need our state to unite as one if we’re going to keep our children safe from all the sexual predators and other aberrant behavior that is out there.”

Tom Downey, a spokesman for the Governor’s Office, explained the new hotline to reporters.



“Beginning today, individuals that notice any kind of gender-suspicious activity in the men’s or women’s restrooms are encouraged to call the new ‘HB2 Offender Hotline’,” Horner said. “We encourage North Carolina’s residents to take photographs and report as much detail as possible when calling. With the information gathered from this hotline, we’ll be working closely with local law enforcement agencies to make sure this law is enforced and those who break the law see jail bars. We are sending a clear message to all the transsexuals out there; their illegal actions and deviant behavior will no longer be tolerated in the state of North Carolina.”

“I applaud HB2, the offender hotline they setup and Governor Pat McCrory,” North Carolina resident Steve Jenkins told local news station WTVD. “As a man, how would some women like it if I followed her into the restroom and just told her that everything is OK because I’m transgender? She wouldn’t like it at all, and that’s why you need a law like HB2.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News HB2 and the new hotline make no sense.

“In the history of North Carolina, not one sexually related criminal act has happened in a bathroom by someone who is transgender. No arrests, no convictions, but they still want to make laws, just in case that “one time” ever happens. It’s like making laws outlawing marijuana in the event that someone actually ever dies from it,” Bradley said. “There were plenty of laws already in place before HB2. It doesn’t matter if you’re a man, woman, transgender, or what bathroom you use; if you’re in there longer than 5 minutes after using the restroom, someone is going to call the cops. This new law is about people living in fear, gathering together around their weird ideologies and religious beliefs to create more intolerance and hate in this world, bottom line.”



“I don’t want my money, my taxes going towards anything that discriminates against anyone, especially in public bathrooms,” said North Carolina resident, Steven Hamilton. “I don’t care what a private individual or business does and how hate-filled they want to be, because I can protest and show as much discontent towards them as I want to, but when it comes to my money, those places better be free for all to use, no matter what sexual identity a person may identify with.” Hamilton continued, “Also, I have an eight-year-old daughter who I don’t like using the restroom by herself. What am I supposed to do now? Take her into the women’s bathroom and hope I don’t get arrested or take her with me into the men’s restroom and hope the cops don’t get called? And what if the cops show up and I don’t have my birth certificate on me? Would I actually go to jail? All of this is completely insane.”

Since Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law last month, well over 1,000 jobs have been moved out of state, and over 400 companies, including Facebook, Apple, Paypal, Pyramid Country and StopPack, have expressed concern or anger, warning they may move or cancel plans to expand, costing the state millions of dollars. Entertainers such as Pearl Jam, Ringo Starr, Bryan Adams, Bruce Springsteen and Cirque du Soleil have also canceled their performances in North Carolina to boycott the law. Pressure has been put on the NBA to cancel the All-Star game in North Carolina next year, though as of yet, the league is not budging. It is still unclear what kind of an economic impact these boycotts will have on the state’s economy as a whole. NBC estimates that North Carolina has lost $186 million in revenue due to boycotts so far.

To report suspicious bathroom activity, North Carolina residents can call the ‘HB2 Offender Hotline’ at 1-800-662-7952. For individuals living outside of North Carolina, please call (919) 814-2000. To file a complaint after normal business hours, call (919) 814-2050 and press option 3.
NBA Cancels 2017 All-Star Game In North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Law.
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver held a press conference today, announcing that Charlotte, North Carolina will no longer be hosting the 2017 All-Star game due to the state’s recent passing of the anti-LGBT law HB2.

“With this new law in place, Charlotte currently does not have any anti-discrimination protection in place, something that would be vital for a large event such as the All-Star Game,” Silver told reporters. “We are giving the state of North Carolina 30 days to repeal this law or they can expect the 2017 All-Star game to be held elsewhere. I want to make it clear that the NBA will not stand for this type of intolerance and hate.”

Silver’s comments come just weeks after the North Carolina legislature passed HB2, the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, which requires transgender people (and everyone else) to use public restrooms according to the biological sex on their birth certificate. The new law also strips North Carolina workers of the ability to sue under a state anti-discrimination law, a right that has been upheld in court since 1985.



“If you were fired because of your race, fired because of your gender, fired because of your religion,” said Allan Freyer, head of the Workers’ Rights Project at the North Carolina Justice Center in Raleigh, “You no longer have a basic remedy.”

Since Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law last month, well over 1,000 jobs have been moved out of state, and over 100 companies, including Facebook, Apple, Paypal, Pyramid Country and StopPack, have expressed concern or anger, warning they may move or cancel plans to expand, costing the state millions of dollars. In addition to that, by not hosting the 2017 NBA All-Star game, the state stands to lose even more. It is uncertain the exact figure, but in 2014, the All-Star game in New Orleans generated $106.1 Million and in 2015, New York generated approximately $195 million in economic activity.

On Friday, Bruce Springsteen cancelled his concert in Greensboro because of North Carolina’s controversial new LGBT bill stating, “With deepest apologies to our dedicated fans in Greensboro, we have canceled our show scheduled for Sunday, April 10th. Some things are more important than a rock show and this fight against prejudice and bigotry — which is happening as I write — is one of them. It is the strongest means I have for raising my voice in opposition to those who continue to push us backwards instead of forwards.”

Earlier this week, a women’s advocacy group, UltraViolet, began circulating an online petition urging Nike and PepsiCo — two chief sponsors of previous NBA All-Star weekends — to not support the 2017 event if it is held in Charlotte. There is also a new campaign in North Carolina encouraging people to call McCrory’s office every time they use a public restroom to report on their compliance with the law.

North Carolina has become a fierce battleground for culture war issues. Since the GOP captured the legislature in 2010 and the governorship in 2012, there’s been a steady stream of conservative changes, from much stricter voter laws to looser gun laws to overhauling taxes. The legislature even considered a proposal to establish Christianity as the official state religion.

Marina Mangiaracina, a transgender individual, who is a journalist for SB Nation, does not agree with the new law.



“First of all, no one carries around their birth certificate. How is a cop going to check what gender a person has on that document? Second of all, the policy of refusing to change the gender on your birth certificate until you have sex reassignment surgery is dangerous. Not all trans people need, want, or can afford sexual reassignment surgery. It’s an extremely delicate and risky procedure that costs anywhere from $7,000 to $50,000. Not to mention all of the missed work in the weeks of recovery. Forcing, or even encouraging transgendered people to have that surgery is sickening. If the person wants the surgery, that’s one thing. But not everybody can afford that surgery. It simply discriminates against the poor.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that the new law needs to be repealed.

“This is a ridiculous law that makes absolutely no sense,” Bradley said. “According to the law, a transgender man, a person with a vagina but has male features, such as a beard, now has to go into the women’s bathroom. Then the police get called. How exactly do they verify what’s going on there? Does the transgender man have to drop his pants or is that person required to be carrying their birth certificate at all times? And according to the idiots behind this law, it’s about stopping sexual predators. How? Is it really that hard for a man to put on a wig and a Hillary suit and go into the women’s restroom? No. This law is about bigotry, hate, intolerance and taking away human rights from the LGBT community.”
“Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the surgery my wife Barbara wanted; her name actually used to be Ted,” Mikkleson laughs, “We claim ‘to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well‘, but that’s just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and that’s it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and I’m only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, look at this article we wrote about Scientology supposedly losing its tax-exempt status. What is the name of the person or website responsible for the hoax? We claim to know it, since we list the website’s disclaimer; but no real information is there. We even go as far as saying the site that started the story spreads malware and viruses, but we don’t say what website it is. I think warning people about a website that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but that’s a lot of work and people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? And lots of people complain, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours.” Mikkelson breaks down in tears, “Anyway, about my transgender wife Barbara; so brave.”

Paul Horner, owner of the Phoenix Suns, told ABC News he approves of the NBA’s decision but believes more should be done.

“I applaud the NBA in taking a stand against this type of discrimination and pulling the All-Star game from Charlotte. Furthermore, I believe it’s time for Charlotte Hornets owner Michael Jordan to take a stand against this law and move the team out of that backwards state.”

At this time, unless the North Carolina legislature repeals HB2, it is unclear where the 2017 All-Star game will be held.
New McDonald’s In Scottsdale Run Entirely By Robots.
After seeing a decline in earnings for the first time in nine years, McDonald’s has begun to do something no other restaurant of its kind has ever done before; open stores run entirely by robots.
The store is set to open May 1st in Scottsdale, Arizona once the state-of-the-art robot remodel is complete. The restaurant will still employ a small team of human employees to insure all of the robots are working correctly, the food and cleaning supplies remain stocked along with removing the money collected by the robots. Visitors to the restaurant will see these new robots working in harmony at a speed of 50 times faster than the average McDonald’s employee, with no chance of error. The reason for the new robot-run-store in Scottsdale is the success of their Phoenix restaurant that opened back in July that is also run entirely by robots.

“I just love the robots at that McDonald’s in Phoenix,” 38-year-old Brian Mullan said. “I tell the robot what I want to eat, I then put money in their little robot hands, and within minutes, a cute little robot is bringing me out my food. They’re way better than humans, plus I don’t like people to begin with. They should just burn this whole system down and rebuild, but until that happens, I sure do like the robots at McDonald’s.”

The Scottsdale store’s new manager, Peter Gibbons, told ABC News that he has worked with the robots at a product development facility in San Francisco for the last six months and speaks highly of the machines.

“These things are great! They get their work done in a fast and orderly manner, plus they don’t ask for cigarette breaks.”

37-year-old Paul Horner, a spokesman for McDonald’s told reporters that because of the demand for a $15/hr minimum wage, the company has been playing with the idea of a restaurant run entirely by robots for years and believes their “McRobots” are the answer.



“With the high demand for a minimum wage of $15/hr and the protests getting worse every day, this is something we had to implement. Plus with the tremendous margin of human error, poor hygiene, lack of education, laziness, as well as the recent advancements in artificial intelligence it just make sense to automate our restaurants now rather than later.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate in Arizona with brand new socks told ABC News that she approves of a $15/hr minimum wage increase.

“We see so many homeless people that work 40 hours a week, and that is just ridiculous,” Bradley said. “I think anyone not being claimed on someone else’s taxes deserves to make at least $15/hr. Some people just don’t have the physical or mental capability to get better jobs or go to college. I think in a country as great as ours, it is just sad that there are so many adults working 40 hours a week that have to worry about putting a roof over their head and food in their belly.”

Local Phoenix resident, 52-year-old Tom Downey, who has been unemployed for the last 3 years, was excited about the opening of a nearby McDonald’s until he heard about the robots.

“Now that they hire only robots, I don’t know what I can even do. I don’t have an education, a car, and now I’m not gonna even be able to get a burger job. Just the thought of having to go to the state unemployment office and stand in line with those scumbags!”

42-year-old Milton Waddams, an unemployed fast food worker, told reporters he is extremely disappointed by the decision to employ only robots instead of humans.

“The McDonald’s had my resume, I had already completed two job interviews there and they said I was scheduled to work once the new store opened and said they would return my phone call but they never called,” Waddams said. “I need a job I said, and I was told by Betty in HR that they have my resume on file, but they never called, and Sandra told me to talk to Bill, and then I hear of the robots instead of regular humans and that’s not what I asked for. And I need the job I told them, but there’s robots, so now I’m going to have to find another place of employment. And they were big giant robots, and I said no, no robots at McDonald’s. I could set the building on fire.”



Former grill cook, Tom Smykowski, from the original Phoenix McDonald’s location before it was shutdown for robot repairs and upgrades, is still mad about losing his job.

“You know there are people in this world who don’t have to put up with all this?” Smykowski told FOX News. “You see, that’s what you have to do. You have to use your mind and come up with some really great idea like that and you never have to work again,” but Smykowski’s friendly attitude suddenly turns to anger, “Well-well look. I already told you: I dealt with the go*damn employees so the customers would get the correct order. I have people skills; I am good at dealing with people. Can’t you understand that? What the hell is wrong with you people?”

Horner said he is excited to pave the way to a more automated workforce, hence a more reliable and affordable one.

“Robots are the future of McDonald’s in the United States and around the world,” Horner said, “Human workers want more pay and this has created giant protests which need our attention now before it is too late. Robots will decrease prices, increase productivity and make for better food.” Horner continued, “Human beings were not meant to stand and make burgers all day, filling out useless forms and listening to eight different bosses drone on about about mission statements. Now I’ve had a chance to meet with some of these robots, and boy, they are just straight shooters with upper management written all over them.”

The new robot McDonald’s will be located on the Southwest corner of Camelback and Miller. McDonald’s says that if the store is a success, 25,000 more robot-run restaurants will be built in the next three years. It is still unclear at this time what the robots look like or how customers will complete transactions as this information is being kept under strict confidentiality, but come July these questions will be answered. Will it be the right or wrong decision for McDonald’s? In the end, it will come down to what is best for the shareholders and the customer. The employees hoping to make $15/hr so they can afford basic human needs such as shelter and food; it looks like they will have to wait in line.
Bill Murray Saves Life Of Phoenix Man By Performing Heimlich Maneuver.
In a scene straight from the movie Groundhog Day, Bill Murray saved the life of a man who was choking while dining at a popular steakhouse in Phoenix, Arizona today.

Murray was enjoying a meal at Meritage Steakhouse with friends when a man three tables from him began to choke on his food.

“I saw this guy choking, so I went over and helped him out,” Murray said. “I actually learned the Heimlich maneuver while working on the movie Groundhog Day. I’m glad I was able to get some good use of that skill outside of the movies.” Murray continued, “I’m no hero. I just did what anyone else would have done in a situation like that.”



37-year-old, Paul Horner, told ABC News how Murray saved his life.

“I guess I just took too much of a bite of streak because suddenly I couldn’t breathe and started choking. My wife says I started to turn blue, and the next thing I know, none other than Bill Murray is giving me the Heimlich maneuver,” Horner says. “It was an amazing experience and he is such a good person. I offered to pay his tab and the party he was with, but he wouldn’t let me. He did say I could buy him a drink though, so that’s what I did. He then ate one of my french fries and told me that no one will ever believe me. It was so surreal.”

Tom Downey, who witnessed the incident, told local news station ABC 15 about the day’s excitement.

“This man started choking, so without hesitation, Bill Murray got up from his table, ran over to this gentleman and immediately started giving him the Heimlich. While everyone else in the restaurant was wondering what to do, Murray stepped up and saved the day. What a cool guy.”

Murray told ABC News he will be in the Valley this week staying with friends and enjoying the sites.

“This week I plan on going to a couple things with friends and tonight will probably end up at the Tempe Improv. There’s a couple comics playing there that I’ve been wanting to see for a while now. I might tell some jokes if I feel like it, we’ll see. I really like bartending. Maybe they’ll let me do that. Regardless, it should be a fun time for everyone.”

Paramedics said the man who Murray saved is doing fine and walked away from the scene on his own accord.
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation v. Paul Horner.
BREAKING: Capitol Hill Shooter Identified as Right Wing Extremist.
On Monday afternoon, an extremist carried out an attack on Capitol Hill, shooting and injuring a police officer. The man has been identified as Thomas Finnigan, a white supremacist from Maryland. He has been taken into police custody, although currently Capitol Hill, including Congress and and the White House, remain on lockdown.



When the attack was carried out, Finnigan was described by eyewitnesses as trying to leave the visitor’s center, and advance further into either the library, Supreme Court, or even the White House.
“All I heard was ‘[expletive removed] Obama! [expletive removed] liberals and ISIS! Make America great again!” John Burke, a college student visiting the visitors center stated to ABC News. “Then we heard gun shots and were immediately instructed to leave the building.”



Thomas Finnigan is a 32 year old white supremacist linked towards having a strong affinity for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on his Facebook. He grew up in a lower class family in Tennessee, and later moved to Maryland. Not much else is known about the shooter.
“It’s concerning, how some of our own born-and-bred American citizens are turning into terrorists over political unrest,” ABC political analyst Ana Cuddy said. “While in my own opinion, I must say I take no issue with the conservatives of the United States in general, this is not the first time a Donald Trump supporter specifically has carried out violent acts towards other members of the population. It is concerning to see how the Republican party has radicalized, and I hope the United States of America can learn its lesson from the treacherous acts Trump incites in our citizens.”
Christian Anti-Masturbation Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation At Japanese Embassy.
In an ironic twist of a fate, a mascot for a Christian anti-masturbation organization was arrested today for masturbating in public while at a protest being held at the Japanese Embassy in Los Angeles, California.

Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, whose real name is 37-year-old Paul Horner, was arrested at the Japanese Consulate after protesters notified police about a man running through their protest with nothing on except a dolphin mascot head while touching himself. Ironically the protest was over Japan’s annual dolphin drive held in the town of Taiji that kills thousands of dolphins a year. During Horner’s arrest, it was learned he was out on work release from the Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility, where he is currently serving eight-years for his 4th arrest of public masturbation along with a charge of aggravated assault on a police officer.

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she was at the protest when police arrived.

“It was really weird to see a naked man fondling himself and wearing a dolphin’s mascot head while running through a group of dolphin protesters,” Bradley said. “I thought maybe it was a stunt the protesters were doing to get more attention but I guess not.”

Tom Downey with the Los Angeles Police Department, who took Horner into custody, spoke with local news station KABC about the arrest.

“At first we thought he was possibly intoxicated or mentally unstable, ya know, talking about children and how deadly it is for them to masturbate. Telling us he was at the park with a Christian organization speaking to children about the dangers of masturbation. Saying things like, ‘They need to stop playing on the Devil’s playground, stop pounding their Devil stick and ringing the Devil’s doorbell’, we thought he was insane,” Downey said. “Turns out he actually was with this anti-masturbation organization who were accompanying a group of 3rd graders around the park when Horner left the children when he saw images of dolphins on the signs that these protesters were carrying. Mr. Horner said he was ‘aroused’ by all the pictures of dolphins. We further learned that Mr. Horner has four previous arrests for public masturbation, all while employed by this anti-masturbation organization.”



Horner, along with his organization, Stop Masturbation Now, recently finished a federally funded 31-city nationwide school tour which they claim focused on educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation.

Lonnie Childs who is president and founder of Stop Masturbation Now spoke with reporters about the future of the organization after this recent setback.

“Thanks to your tax dollars, Fappy has helped tens of thousands of children learn to live a masturbation-free lifestyle. During his countless visits to schools around the world, Fappy has collected thousands of signatures from children promising to never masturbate; he has done amazing things,” Childs said. “It is a shame how the media is portraying Fappy right now. Paul Horner is a great man. He is passionate about his work, he loves being Fappy and he especially loves the kids. They even have a nickname for him; they call him the tickle monster. But now, all of that is possibly ruined by some trumped-up charges by the Los Angeles five-oh, such a shame.” Childs continued, “These lies about Fappy sicken me to my very core. The employees who supposedly observed the incident in question need to be investigated. What is their motive? Are they masturbators? Are they agents of Big Masturbation? What are their crimes? These are the questions that must be addressed. Furthermore, we have found that, over the years, the only thing that Fappy “beats” are all the fraudulent charges brought against him. I have activated my prayer app and I ask that each and every one of you to keep Fappy in your prayers until this misunderstanding is resolved.”

40-year-old Phil Freedom, who was there protesting at the Japanese Embassy, witnessed the act in question.

“This man just started running around, naked, furiously masturbating and yelling something about how great Donald Trump was. He then put on this dolphin mascot head and attempted to hump one of our protest signs that had an image of a dolphin on it. It was absolutely horrifying.”

On the group’s Facebook page, news was posted of the arrest.

“All my faithful Fappy followers, I have some extremely bad news to report. I want you to hear it here first before the liberal media hate machine and Big Masturbation spread their lies about this incident. Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, whose real name is Paul Horner, an inmate at the Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility, was out on work release in Los Angeles, California this morning. Fappy, as usual, was educating elementary school children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. Somehow he got separated from the group and joined up with a dolphin protest at the Japanese Embassy there. It is “reported” by “police” that he took off his mascot costume and began running around naked while touching himself. Our lawyers tell us he is being charged with public masturbation, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct. He is currently being held at the Los Angeles Central Jail until a bond is set by a judge, this happening hopefully soon. These are obviously lies, but until we have all the information, please don’t jump to any conclusions. Please keep Fappy in your prayers during this difficult time. Praise Fappy!”

Horner’s attorney, Katie Glacier, told ABC News that the dolphin mascot is innocent of these crimes but will continue teaching masturbation prevention while in prison.

“Horner is in good spirits and patiently waiting to see a judge for his bond hearing,” Smith said. “Horner told me he is innocent, but if found guilty, says he will put an end to inmate masturbation in every jail and prison across the country, starting with the one he is currently serving time at. I personally was not aware of this information about the penal system, but it seems jail is just a hotbed for self-rape and immoral acts. Horner is a saint, a hero, a prophet, and a savior to all the lost heathenish souls out there with deadly masturbation addictions.” Glacier continued, “This may be his fifth arrest for masturbating in public, and may be currently serving an eight-year prison term for the same crimes, but that doesn’t mean he’s guilty this time. If Donald Trump was President, this wouldn’t have happened, or if it did, Fappy would be immediately pardoned. I guess at this time, all I can ask is that you please keep Fappy in your prayers during these difficult times.”

Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin and Stop Masturbation Now are federally funded programs designed to teach children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. For more information or if you would like the group to visit your child’s school call (785) 273-0325.
Donald Trump: “I Will Pay The Legal Fees Of My Followers Who Attack Protesters”.
Donald Trump has broken all kinds of norms during his presidential campaign, but today he just went to a whole new level when he announced on Fox News that he will pay any legal fees occurred by his supporters who get into altercations with protesters.

“I know there has been talk of me paying the legal fees of those accused of assaulting protesters at my events and after thinking long and hard about this matter, I’ve decided I want to go ahead and do that,” Trump said. “My followers are passionate about making this country great again and I need to support them in any way that I can. If my followers are arrested, just for being patriotic, loyal, God-fearing Americans, then I will pay their legal fees,” Trump continued. “I know it could get costly, but it’s time to take a stand against those who cannot conform to a basic set of rules, a system. And these protesters, who still live at home with their mommy and daddy, they hate America, and they hate freedom and they deserve what they get.”

Today is the first time Trump has made it official that he will indeed pay the legal fees incurred by his followers in the event of an arrest, but not the first time he has talked about the subject. In February, Trump told a crowd to ‘knock the crap out’ of protesters and that ‘I will pay for the legal fees’. Then just days after canceling a rally in Chicago due to violence, Trump said he might pay the legal fees of John McGraw, 78, who sucker-punched a protester at a rally in North Carolina.



“There used to be consequences’ for protesting,” Trump said. “I’m not condoning violence, but what ever happened to the days when police were allowed to just do their job? I remember the Kent State shootings. Were police out of line doing what they did there? How can I be the one to say what’s right and what’s wrong? I’d have to do more research on that. Honestly, I’d have to look into it, it would be unfair otherwise.”

Besides the many protesters at his rallies, Trump also has them online. On March 4th the group Anonymous posted a video declaring “total war” on the presidential candidate. It hopes to not only bring down many of Trump’s sites, but also halt his presidential bid by uncovering and exposing embarrassing information.

“We need you to shut down his campaign and sabotage his brand,” said a Guy Fawkes-masked individual in the video. “Your inconsistent and hateful campaign has not only shocked the United States of America, you have shocked the entire planet with your appalling actions and ideas.”

Using the hashtag, #OpTrump, the group is asking for help on April 1st to bring down websites that belong to Trump such as, donaldjtrump.com, trump.com, trumpchicago.com, trumphotelcollection.com, donaldtrump2016online.com and citizensfortrump.com.



Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News she disapproves of the Trump campaign.

“Donald Trump is bringing out the worst in the worst people. It is only a matter of time before someone gets seriously injured or killed at one of his rallies,” Bradley said. “Trump has made no attempt to correct his followers on their racist remarks, their bigotry or stop any of their violent outbursts, not once. If their was a Hitler playbook, it would be in Trump’s back pocket.”

Trump finished by saying that he will do what it takes to stop the violence at his rallies.

“These protesters think they can flip the bird and shout out whatever they want, and I’m here to say, we won’t put up with it anymore,” Trump said. “Remember the civil rights protesters in Selma who attacked police back in the 60’s? The police held their ground on something they believed was right, something that would keep America great. And honestly I don’t know exactly what happened there, I’d have to look into it. You wouldn’t want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about. But what happened to those days?”

Washington political analyst, Paul Horner, told ABC News that the problem with the violence generated by Trump’s supporters starts with Trump himself.

“This hate and ignorance has always been there, Donald Trump just gave it a place to gather and unite,” Horner said. “With four bankruptcies, three wives, despises minorities and the gay community, believes every religion is wrong except his own; Donald Trump is the perfect Republican candidate for President.”

Trump’s campaign has set up a hotline for any of his followers who incur legal charges in the event of an arrest at (785) 273-0325.
The United States Revokes Scientology’s Tax-Exempt Status.
In a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court today, the eight justices ruled in favor of revoking the Church of Scientology’s tax-exempt status in the United States. Under the ruling, Scientology will still be able to operate as a business but no longer as a non-profit religious organization.

The case was brought forward by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation Division after concluding a two-year-long investigation into the inner workings of Scientology. The investigation, along with an extensive audit, found the group to be a “criminal operation with a sole purpose of making money”. The eight justices agreed with the IRS and its findings that Scientology was neither a religion or fell under the guidelines of a non-profit charitable organization.

CI Special Agent, Tom Downey, worked closely with IRS Chief Counsel Criminal Tax Attorneys during the course of the investigation.

“If private schools had similar prices to the courses in Scientology, students would receive the absolute highest level of education by the top educators in the country,” Downey said. “But in reality, based on the ridiculously high cost of Scientology, there is no school out there that even exists. The best schools in this country charge a fraction of the exorbitant amounts of money that Scientology charges its members.”

Paul Horner, a spokesperson for Scientology, told ABC News the ruling is “discrimination based on religious beliefs”.



“In a free country, such as ours, it amazes me that over ten million Scientologists can have their beliefs trampled on like this,” Horner said. “The Church of Scientology is working hard to make this world a better place, constructing more buildings and ships and other really neat stuff, and now, most of that will have to be put on hold because of a few religious bigots.”

For years, Scientology’s claim of ten million followers has been widely disputed. In 2011, former editor, and longtime Scientology foe, Tony Ortega, wrote the following in The Village Voice:

“According to the latest survey, the total number of people who identify as Scientologists is just 25,000 in this country of more than 300 million human beings.”

Scientology teaches that 75 million years ago an evil galactic overlord named Xenu, ruler of a Galactic Confederacy, decided to tackle overpopulation by rounding up 13.5 trillion people in DC-8-like spacecraft, flying them to Earth (then known as Teegeeack), dropping them in the volcanoes of Hawaii and vaporizing them with hydrogen bombs.

Their spirits, known as thetans, attached themselves to humans at the dawn of man, and according to Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard is the root cause of all our fears, confusion and problems. For humans to reach a clear state, thetans must be removed from the body through therapy sessions, known within Scientology as auditing.

Scientology adherents must work through eight stages of auditing over a period of many years to reach this clear state, each of which costs thousands of dollars to partake in. It was these costs that the court took issue with, ruling that they far outstrip average course fees for educational establishments.

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News she lost her family because of Scientology’s disconnection policy.

“I was born into Scientology,” Bradley said. “When I turned seventeen I began to question some of their beliefs. My family, who are all members, told me to stay quiet, but it was too late and I was excommunicated from the church. Scientology’s upper management told me I was no longer able to see or talk to my family ever again,” Bradley said. “It broke my heart, I couldn’t even say goodbye to them. They were told by Scientology if they had any communication with me that they would be excommunicated too. My family chose Scientology over me.” Holding back tears Bradley says, “I just hope my family is proud of me, all that I’m doing with my life and everything I’m doing to help the homeless. I wish more than anything to see them one day; I love and miss them so much.”

Downey told reporters that Scientology spends tens of millions of dollars every year doing what no other religious non-profit organization does.



“The money is used to harass former members, coerce abortions, to secure their International base so people can’t escape, child abuse, forcing members to disconnect from family and friends who aren’t Scientologist friendly, and to litigate to death anyone who opposes them,” Downey said. “Years ago, the Cult Awareness Network was an organization that provided information on groups that it considered to be cults. After years of litigation with Scientology and being forced into bankruptcy, it is now a Scientology run enterprise. Over the years Scientology has also put many government officials and politicians in their pocket.”

For years, the Church of Scientology often pointed to their tax-exempt status as proof that it is a recognized religious entity in the United States. And there’s no disputing that tax-exempt status has been a huge boon to the Scientology industry. With such few members, but billions in real estate holdings, the Church of Scientology has been called “the most famous small business in the world,” with its tax exempt status saving the Church an estimated $20 million a year on property taxes alone.

Roberto Sigmond of Amnesty International told ABC News that revoking the Church of Scientology’s tax-exempt status in the United States is a huge win.


You are from UK and looking to buy Modafinil please have a look at this website where you can buy Modafinil online or learn about it from United Kingdom

“From all the deaths Scientology has caused over the years to its phony drug rehabilitation program, this is a great day for anyone that believes in human rights.”

After originally being recognized as a tax-exempt religious organization in 1957, Scientology’s tax-exempt status was lost in a 1967 IRS audit. As part of the effort to regain tax exemption during the late 1970s, Scientologists repeatedly infiltrated the IRS, copying large numbers of documents and at one point placing an electronic bugging device in an IRS conference room. These actions took place within a program code-named Operation Snow White. Eleven high-ranking Scientologists, including Hubbard’s wife Mary Sue Hubbard, were sentenced to time in prison for acts surrounding this operation. L. Ron Hubbard himself was named as an unindicted co-conspirator as investigators could not link him to the crimes.

The United States is not the first country to revoke Scientology’s tax exemption. In October of last year, a Dutch court revoked Scientology’s status as a “public welfare institution” and the tax exemption that goes along with it.

Janine Pieters, reporting in the NL Times, said the court ruled that sales of Scientology’s courses and therapy sessions are aimed at profit-making and that it does not therefore belong on the tax authorities charity list.

Beginning April 6th, 2016, The Church of Scientology will no longer receive tax exemption in the United States. Attorneys for Scientology have 30 days to appeal the case, although it is not yet clear whether they will or not.
Senators Whine About FCC’s 25 Mbps Broadband Standard, Insist Nobody Needs That Much Bandwidth.
ALL SIX OF THE SENATORS THAT COMPLAINED TO THE FCC ABOUT LOWERING THEIR 25 MBPS BROADBAND STANDARD ARE IN THE POCKETS OF ONE OR MORE INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER (ISP). THE ISP’S WANT A LOWER BROADBAND STANDARD TO INCREASE PROFITS SO THEY HIRE SENATORS TO COMPLAIN TO THE FCC FOR THEM. IT IS ABSOLUTELY FUCKING INSANE THIS CORRUPTION IS ALLOWED TO HAPPEN. THESE ARE BRIBES GIVEN TO EVIL, GREEDY ASSHOLES, WHO CARE NOTHING ABOUT THE PEOPLE THAT ELECTED THEM; THEY ONLY CARE ABOUT THE MONEY. AND NO ONE DOES ANYTHING TO STOP THIS; PEOPLE JUST KEEP REELECTING THESE UNETHICAL, IMMORAL MOTHERFUCKERS YEAR AFTER YEAR AFTER YEAR.
“LOOKING AT THE MARKET FOR BROADBAND APPLICATIONS, WE ARE AWARE OF FEW APPLICATIONS THAT REQUIRE DOWNLOAD SPEEDS OF 25 MBPS. NETFLIX, FOR EXAMPLE, RECOMMENDS A DOWNLOAD SPEED OF 5 MBPS TO RECEIVE HIGH-DEFINITION STREAMING VIDEO, AND AMAZON RECOMMENDS A SPEED OF 3.5 MBPS. IN ADDITION, ACCORDING TO THE FCC’S OWN DATA, THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS WHO CAN PURCHASE 25 MBPS CHOOSE NOT TO.”

Focusing on the fact that a single Netflix stream eats just 3.5 to 5 Mbps ignores the fact that broadband connections serve an entire house of hungry users, many of whom will be gobbling significantly more bandwidth using any number of services and connected devices. It’s also worth pointing out that a single Netflix Ultra HD stream can eat 25 Mbps all by itself. And on the upstream side of the equation, the FCC’s definition of 3 Mbps remains relatively last-generation and arguably pathetic. Similarly, many consumers may not buy 25 Mbps because the lack of competition can result in high prices for faster tiers.

In other words, claiming 25 Mbps is some kind of “arbitrary,” pie-in-the-sky standard is absurd.

Of course, the Senators don’t really care about technical specifics, they’re just blindly echoing the broadband industry’s annoyance that the FCC is now actually highlighting the lack of broadband competition in the market. They’re specifically bothered by this recent FCC study, which notes that two-thirds of U.S. households lack the choice of more than one ISP at speeds of 25 Mbps or greater. Companies like AT&T and Verizon also don’t like how this data highlights the fact they’re giving up on rural America and many second- and third-tier cities, freezing broadband deployments and in some cases even refusing to repair aging infrastructure.

And while it’s certainly true the higher standard helps prop up the FCC’s Congressional mandate to ensure quality broadband is deployed in a “reasonable and timely” basis (and by proxy its Title II reclassification), a lot of the FCC’s efforts have quietly involved eliminating regulation, ranging from streamlining tower placement and pole attachment regulations, to eliminating the kind of awful state level protectionist laws that keep municipal and public/private broadband networks from taking root in incumbent duopolist territories.

At the end of the day, incumbent providers and the politicians who love them are simply annoyed that the FCC has any standards whatsoever, since that makes it immeasurably harder to pretend that the nation’s broadband competition and connectivity issues don’t exist.
Bill Murray Unwittingly Breaks Up Bank Robbery In Phoenix Arizona.
A bank robber was apprehended in Phoenix today after stopping to talk with none other than actor Bill Murray.

Phoenix Police Chief Tom Downey spoke with local news station ABC15 about the incident.

“The man we currently have in custody apparently had just robbed a Bank of America ATM machine, ran out, saw Mr. Murray walking on the sidewalk and stopped to talk to him. That’s when Phoenix Police were able to apprehend the suspect.”

Bill Murray, who is in town visiting friends, told ABC News about the incident.



“I saw this man on the sidewalk running towards me with a bag in his hand. Then he suddenly stopped when he saw me. He asked me if I was the zombie Bill Murray from Zombieland. I told him, ‘sure, why not’. Then he started telling me how much he loved me, and how that was his favorite movie. I was polite, I told him that was very nice of him to say. Then kind of out of nowhere, police showed up and tackled the man,” Murray said. “Some people might call me a hero, but I’m no hero. The real heroes today are the men and women of the Phoenix Police Department.”

37-year-old Phoenix resident Paul Horner was at the ATM when the robbery occurred.

“I was just standing behind this guy waiting my turn when suddenly he starts busting in the ATM with all these tools,” Horner said. “He gets the ATM open and fills a bag up with whatever cash was in the machine, then he runs out the door and down the street. It happened so fast for me to be scared or even get shaken up about it. Though what I am shaken up about is that Bill Murray is the one who stopped this guy and I didn’t get a chance to meet him.” Horner continued, “Bill Murray is my personal hero and today he was an actual hero for the city of Phoenix. What can’t that living legend do?”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she isn’t surprised by Murray’s heroics.

“Bill Murray is always doing something amazing,” Bradley said. “I actually met Mr. Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was incredible; he’s such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.”

Murray told ABC News he will be in the Valley this week staying with friends and enjoying the sites.

“This week I plan on going to a couple things with friends and then on Wednesday will probably end up at the Tempe Improv. There’s a couple comics playing there that night that I’ve been wanting to see for a while now. I might tell some jokes if I feel like it, we’ll see. I really like bartending. Maybe they’ll let me do that. Regardless, it should be a fun time for everyone.”

The robber, whose name has not yet been released, was apprehended and taken into police custody. On his person police found a gun and a bag filled with an undisclosed amount of money.
Bill Murray Kicks Off Presidential Campaign In South Carolina With A Bang.
Just one day after the Democratic Primary, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, Bill Murray, brought his newly announced Presidential campaign to Charleston, South Carolina, speaking to an estimated crowd of over 100,000 cheering fans and supporters.

“Hello South Carolina! Are you ready to get weird or what?” Murray said to the roaring crowd.

Murray’s speech, which lasted a little more than an hour, touched on many issues from his campaign, including increased wages, health care, the cost of higher education and human rights in general. The rally also included wine tasting and stages where the people in attendance were allowed to sing karaoke.

“I saw the Republican debate the other night and it made me sick to my stomach,” Murray told the crowd. “Here are grown men, candidates running for President of the United States, and they’re acting like 4-year-olds. They’re up there on stage, broadcasted to the entire world, calling each other names, interrupting each other, making complete fools of themselves and I just thought to myself; I think the American people deserve better than this. I know we deserve better than this because we are better than this.”

Political analyst, Paul Horner, told ABC News he has taken an extreme interest in what Murray is doing since he announced his run for President just a little more than a week ago.



“I don’t know if Bill Murray is really running for President or if he’s just having some fun, but the man is making some excellent points out there. He’s getting people to think about the state their country is in right now and making a lot of people happy while doing it. I applaud Mr. Murray for what he’s doing.”

“I pretty much don’t like any of the candidates that are running for President right now,” Murray told the crowd, “I think Bernie Sanders seems like a decent guy, but the rest of em’, are pretty much complete pond scum in my opinion.” Murray continued, “I’m always traveling around the world, but I’m proud to call America, the good ole’ U.S. of A, my home. I think there’s a lot of great people here, a lot of potential, but there’s also a lot of confusion and hate right now. People don’t know what to make of these Hitler wanna-be’s like Donald Trump, and the Ted Cruz’s, who want to start World War III. They feed on the hate and paranoia a lot of this country has, and because of that, you see them leading in the polls. And it’s sad that people go along with it, and can’t see it for what it really is.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Murray and his run for President.

“We need a new face in Washington. Someone who has no political ties or agenda and can’t be bought,” Bradley said. “I actually met Bill Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was amazing; he’s such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.”

Murray finished the rally by saying, “I’m no hero, I just want to help out, and I hope you all choose to stand behind me, or beside me, or wherever is comfortable for you, but just as long as it’s with me. Look, we don’t need to make America great again, because it already is; we all just need to try a little bit harder and have more love in our hearts for our fellow man. I think if you can take care of yourself and then maybe take care of someone else then that’s sort of how you’re supposed to live. Lets all help each other make this the best life experience possible!”

Murray still has yet to announce if he will be running as an Republican, Democrat or Independent.

David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes, a website that takes the fun out of stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.

“This type of story, when it goes viral, and we debunk it, we make money,” Mikkelson said. “The secret behind a good Snopes article is a formula that we have used since day one, it’s actually quite simple. First, we start with the same cookie-cutter outline we use for every site that we debunk. Next, we copy and paste parts of the original article into ours. After that, one of our “writers” will type one or two sentences that talk about the content we just copy and pasted. And now, last but not least, we slap a title on there similar to the article’s headline that we’re debunking. This way it will show up at the top of Google for anyone searching for that story, and that’s it! Then we just sit back and let the money roll in. We are the absolute definition of clickbait! I’ll tell what, if it wasn’t for great writers like Internet news satirist Paul Horner, putting out the stories that he does, my children wouldn’t have been able to go to college.” Holding back tears, Mikkelson finishes by saying, “Though we are currently being sued by Fox News for calling them a “fake news site”, so lets just hope Paul Horner writes another story soon.”

Murray’s campaign team told reporters their next stop is the Arizona State Capitol on March 2nd and then the Tempe Improv later that night. It is rumored Murray will be at the Improv meeting with locals and telling a few jokes. Tickets to that show are only $10.
Obama Signs Executive Order: Appoints Rashad Hussain As New Supreme Court Justice.
Just two days after the funeral for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last week of a heart attack at the age of 79, President Obama signed Executive Order 14651, which appoints Rashad Hussain as the new Supreme Court Justice to replace Scalia.

“We cannot wait for a new President or the Senate Republicans to fill this vacancy left by Scalia, so I have taken it upon myself to do what needed to be done,” Obama told reporters at a press conference today. “Republican Senators believe that it is appropriate not to act on such an important matter, and as I have shown today, I do not agree with that.”

Hussain, of Muslim heritage, is an attorney who has served as US Special Envoy to the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), the second largest intergovernmental body after the UN, and as US Special Envoy for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications. Hussain has also served in the White House Counsel’s Office and on the National Security Council as a political appointee of the Obama Administration.



Even though under the Constitution, it is the President’s job to nominate Supreme Court justices, Obama’s selection is already drawing sharp criticism from Republicans. Presidential hopeful Donald Trump told ABC News that he does not agree with the President’s decision.”

“Hussain is a Muslim and a sympathizer, just like Obama, and now he takes over the legacy the great Antonin Scalia left behind. The President should be ashamed of himself.”

“The American people should have had a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court justice,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said. “Appointing a Muslim to replace Scalia is absolutely appalling.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Obama’s decision.

“We needed someone in there to fill that spot as quickly as possible,” Bradley said. “Regardless if you agree with Obama’s appointed choice of Hussain, Scalia was a disgrace to the Supreme Court. He was a religious radical, a bigot, a racist, against women’s rights, gay rights and human rights in general; there’s absolutely no reason a person like that should have ever had power like that in the first place. He will always be remembered as being on the wrong side of history.”

David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes, a website that takes the fun out of stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, who is also currently being sued by Fox News for calling them a “fake news site”, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.

“This type of story, when it goes viral, and we debunk it, we make money,” Mikkelson said. “We use our cookie-cutter outlines, we copy and paste the original article into ours, type in one or two sentences of original content and then we make hella cash. If it wasn’t for people like Internet news satirist Paul Horner, my children wouldn’t have been able to go to college.”

Legal experts believe Republicans will attempt to block Obama’s appointee until he’s out of office, leaving the court with a gaping vacant seat for nearly a year.

“Obama has a right to do what he did, but we’ll fight him to the end on this,” Tom Downey of the Republican National Lawyers Association told reporters. “This will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man.”
Fox News Sues Snopes For $20 Million Over Story Calling Them A ‘Fake News Site’.
Today, Fox News Channel filed a $20 million dollar lawsuit against Snopes.com. In the lawsuit, Fox is seeking damages caused by an article Snopes published which called the media giant “clickbait” and a “fake news site”.

The Snopes article at the center of the $20 million lawsuit, titled “TRUE: Fox Is A Fake News Site Promoting Fear & Paranoia Through Their Echo Chamber Of Hate & Ignorance”, which has since has been removed, is shown here in a screen shot that has been posted on various social media websites.
Tom Downey, who is a spokesman for Fox News, spoke with ABC News about details of the lawsuit.

“The Fox News Channel, along with its millions of loyal followers, rely on us heavily, for fair and balanced reporting of events from around the world. The article on Snopes was in extremely bad taste and not funny whatsoever. To say our followers live in an echo chamber of hate and ignorance, and are nothing but a bunch of old, white, bigoted, racists is beyond ridiculous. To say we bring out the worst in the worst people is the definition of libel and slander. We couldn’t have the word “news” in “Fox News”, unless we were a real news outlet and not “fake news” like Snopes has claimed us to be. I believe any reasonable court in America will agree with the lawsuit and rule in our favor.”

Snopes, a website that debunks stories on the internet in order to generate traffic and advertising revenue, told ABC News they are confident in winning the suit.



“Clickbait is defined as web content that is aimed at generating online advertising revenue, especially at the expense of quality or accuracy, relying on sensationalist headlines to attract click-throughs and to encourage forwarding of the material over online social networks. Well, in that case, technically, any story on the internet that has a clickable headline and ads within their article could be considered clickbait,” Snopes founder David Mikkelson said. “Personally I don’t know why Fox is so mad about about us calling them clickbait. I mean, under the definition of clickbait, our website is clickbait. 99% of the internet is clickbait. I think the only sites out there that you couldn’t call clickbait are those not serving up any kind of ads. And as for Fox claiming not to be “fake news”, I think 99% of the internet, that same 99% that is clickbait, would agree with us on that one.”

Paul Horner, who Snopes calls, “The prolific writer and ubiquitous satirical character who inserts his name into all his articles,” said he has mixed emotions about the lawsuit.

“Fox News is pure evil, but I don’t blame them for suing Snopes. They call my articles “fake news” and “clickbait” all the time,” Horner said. “Throughout the years, I can’t even imagine how much money I’ve made Snopes because of all the articles they have written about me, my stories and my websites. Seriously, four of my recent stories have been featured on Snopes in the last 6 days alone. With all the money I make them, I’ve probably put at least a couple of their kids through college by now. And do I even get a Christmas card or even a thank you? No. Well, you’re welcome Snopes. Just remember, I pay your salary.”



Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with Snopes and is sickened by Fox News and their coverage of the media.

“If it’s a story that will scare people or make them angry, Fox News covers it,” Bradley said. “They exaggerate the truth so it fits their agenda of imprisoning minds with fear and hate. They make racism and bigotry worse in this country instead of covering real news stories, something positive, like what we are doing to help the homeless.” Bradly continued, “Fox News only covers how much of a burden the homeless are. Why not try and help them? By helping them, they become less of a burden on the tax payers of this country, there’s less crime and you’re also helping out your fellow man instead of being selfish and only looking out for yourself. Also, I sincerely want to thank everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much! Please, give what you can.”

Harvard law professor, Erick Biez, believes Fox News will lose the $20 million lawsuit.

“It is of my personal opinion that this case falls under fair use laws protected by freedom of speech and using parody to deliver its message,” Biez said. “Though, if I was Snopes I would still be worried. They’ve made a lot of enemies over the years and it was only a matter of time before something like this happened.”

The $20 million lawsuit was filed at the Superior Court of California with opening arguments beginning March 15th.
Obama: I believe Donald J. Trump will not be president.
President Obama is still doubting the staying power of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, and is hitting his reality show credentials as a reason Americans shouldn’t take him seriously.

“I continue to believe Mr. Trump will not be president,” Obama said Tuesday. “And the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American people.”

Obama told reporters he believed Americans still see the presidency as “a serious job.”

“It’s not hosting a talk show, or a reality show. It’s not promotion, it’s not marketing,” Obama said. “It’s hard and a lot of people count on us getting it right.”

Speaking to reporters in a press conference in Rancho Mirage, Calif., Obama did not, however, answer whether he believed Trump had the capability of securing the GOP nomination.

He also hit the rest of the GOP field, saying “foreign observers are troubled” by the rhetoric in the GOP primary, including doubting of climate change and proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.
Why Bernie Sanders Is Actually Winning: The Delegate Count Explained In 5 Easy Steps.
Though Bernie Sanders won the New Hampshire primary in a landslide over Hillary Clinton, he will likely receive fewer delegates than she will. But does that really matter? The simple answer is ‘no’ and let me explain why.

Sanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Party’s nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.

New Hampshire has 24 “pledged” delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.

But under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8 “superdelegates,” party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.

New Hampshire has 8 superdelegates, 6 of which are committed to Hillary Clinton, giving her a total of 15 delegates from New Hampshire as of Wednesday.

The state’s 2 remaining superdelegates remain uncommitted.



So after a razor-thin victory in Iowa and a shellacking in New Hampshire, Clinton has 394 delegates, both super and electorally assigned, to only 42 for Sanders. Now here is where it gets interesting:

For a delegate’s vote to count, the number of people that turned out to vote must be greater than 40% and less than 65% of the total population in that state.

Since more than 65% of Iowans voted this year, this makes a 2 for 1 situation under the DNC’s current rules. And since the people of Iowa that did get out that day to vote outnumbered the percentage of superdelegates, then that means Sanders actually won Iowa. So since the superdelegates no longer matter, under DNC rules, you can see that the current delegate count for Clinton would now be 280, both super and electorally assigned. But it gets better than that for Sanders.

Under the Winter Solstice rules of the DNC, it is common for the delegate count to be in a state of “Paridism” or confusion. This is due to the fact that the March Equinox has not yet arrived. So because of this, it gives way for an amount of delegates that has yet to even be counted. So going with the current percentages of 61.05% under ABR rule 5-78a, this means that Sanders will increase his delegate “power” or “delegate strength” in the current DNC format by 10 fold, once March 1st comes, of course.

So now, factoring in these easy to understand numbers, you can see that the current count, come March 1st would give Clinton 230 delegates and Sanders 206.

This sounds great, right? Well, it gets better for Sanders.

Because of the even-odd system set in place by the DNC, a superdelegate vote, on an even load, depending on the backlog of DBW votes (total), would supersede the current count by more than 57%, thus giving Sanders an additional 26 delegates, come the March Equinox, and based on the DNC’s rules of over-under and HQL8-ia. That factored in with D12 and its current and ex-members, including Bizarre, along with the DNC’s current rules and regulations, you can see the new count would have Sanders in the lead with 232 delegates and Clinton with only 204.

Once you understand how delegates and superdelegates work in the electoral process, it really is quite something. One may argue that instead of all this, you could simply add up the total amount of votes by the people and whoever gets the most votes would be the winner, but then you would not be following the timeless tradition in which we all call “voting”.
Vince Gilligan Announces Breaking Bad Season 6; Returns This Summer – Walt Did Not Die!
Breaking Bad fans around the world are celebrating the stunning, glorious and amazing news that was announced today: Walter White is not dead, and there will indeed be a sixth season of the wildly-popular, award-winning AMC drama.

This shocking and exciting news comes not from an internet message board or the rumor mill but from series creator Vince Gilligan. In an exclusive ABC News interview, Gilligan dropped the bombshell.

“Walter White is not dead, and neither is Breaking Bad,” said the 48-year-old writer, director, and executive producer of the groundbreaking show.

“We’ve kept it under wraps for months, now the cat’s out of the bag. Season 6 is coming, and it’s going to be epic and true to the fans that have followed the show so incessantly.”

Gilligan explained his decision to continue with the popular series.



“I just couldn’t walk away from it. This isn’t a cash-grab or a sophomoric attempt to bastardize what was such a beautiful ending to season 5. I’ve invested so much of myself in these characters that I’d always had an inkling I’d return to it, even outside [the] Better Call Saul [spin-off]. The kicker was I’d need a spark, something that made it make sense for these stories to continue.”

The series star Bryan Cranston seemed to drop a major hint in an interview with CNN’s Ashleigh Banfield back in May. Asked by Banfield if his character, Walter White, died or not, Cranston said, “Hey, you never saw bags zip up or anything. Or say … you know.”

Gilligan explained how the decision came about to do a season six.

“Bryan [Cranston] called me up and said he had this incredibly lucid dream in which Walt wakes up in a hospital bed surrounded by the DEA, ends up breaking out of prison and finds out he’s got fans,” Gilligan said. “This isn’t a redemption story, it’s got a bleak, dark premise. I can’t give away any more of the details, but let’s just say Walt has quite a bit of unfinished business to attend to, and it sure as hell has nothing to do with teaching high school science.”

According to Gilligan, the entire cast agreed to return for at least one more season. This includes Bob Odenkirk, star of Better Call Saul, the prequel comedy series with season two beginning February 15th.

“I’m not surprised in the least that Vince was going back to Breaking Bad,” said Odenkirk. “Before we began shooting this new season, I was working with him on the set, and the last few times I had seen him, he had sort of a glint in his eye, a bounce to his step. He was laughing at a bunch of jokes I couldn’t pull off two years ago. I mean, comedy and drama can be radically different, and no one does drama like Vince. Season 6 will be great, I just know it, and I can’t wait to see where this journey takes us.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that gives new socks to the homeless and those less fortunate, told ABC News she is excited that Gilligan will be featuring the group in the upcoming season.


You are from UK and looking to buy Modafinil please have a look at this website where you can buy Modafinil online or learn about it from United Kingdom

“I’m just thrilled that Vine [Gilligan] is using our name and group in season six of Breaking Bad,” Bradley said. “We have so many great scenes and dialogue in season six, it is so fantastic. This will definitely increase the amount of donations we receive and put so many more brand new pairs of socks on the feet of homeless people. Please give what you can, every dollar puts at least one new pair of socks on the foot of someone less fortunate.”



David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, upon hearing the announcement by Gilligan confirmed the news with ABC News.

“Yes, it’s true. I have a friend, Tom Downey, who is a writer for the show who told me everything. You don’t know how much of a relief this is to finally get this off my back. I’ve been keeping this a secret for six long months now, I was ready to explode,” Mikkelson said. “Here’s a little spoiler for all you fans out there so stop reading right now if you don’t want any information, otherwise, lets go. Season six begins with Walt waking up in the hospital, handcuffed to his bed. Like Bryan [Cranston] said last May, nobody ever saw a body bag, so essentially, the last episode of Season 5 was left open-ended. Skyler, Walt Jr., Marie… none of them have any idea he’s survived, but the DEA is right on top of it. We’ll go through the motions of people finding out he’s alive – many people wanted Walt dead, so there’s a lot of disconcerted, angry people out there. We have Walt going to trial, his incarceration and how he’s keeping Heisenberg and the blue meth on the streets during his imprisonment. Season 6 will have Walt’s eventual breakout, despite the fact that he’s being held prisoner in a fashion not seen since Hannibal Lecter. The nationwide manhunt for Jesse Pinkman is both epic and gripping, and I can tell you for certain his relationship with Walt will continue, in a much more strained, arch-nemesis-type fashion. None of this is anything you won’t find out about in the trailer, but it’s high time to get truly, truly excited for the greatest show of all time! I believe in this, it’s a valid and worthwhile continuation of something that deserves discernment and care. Breaking Bad Season 6! It’s not over yet!”

For comedic relief in season 6, a Christian anti-masturbation organization’s mascot named Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin will be joining the crew. Fappy, played by newcomer 37-year-old Paul Horner from Phoenix, Arizona, told ABC News he is excited about the role.

“I’m not familiar with the show, honestly if it’s not in the Bible I probably haven’t heard about it,” Horner said. “A couple months ago, the great Lonnie Childs, president of Stop Masturbation Now, contacted me and asked if I wanted to be in one of those moving picture shows about breaking stuff badly and smoking methamphetamine. I told him I had never tried meth before, but the people at the bus stop look like they’re having a good time. I also told him I was interested in the part, but just as long as the breaking show had no self-rape or homogayness in it. He assured me it didn’t, so I said, sure, why not!” Horner continued, “I think this is a perfect platform to help spread awareness about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. This is going to be so much fun! Praise Lonnie Childs! Praise Fappy!”
Obama Signs Executive Order Allowing Muslims To Swear On Quran Instead Of Bible In Court.
President Barack Obama signed an executive order today that allows Muslims to swear on the Quran instead of the Bible before testifying in a court of law.

Speaking at a press conference this afternoon, Obama explained the reasons behind his decision.

“It’s time we recognize the Muslim people and their religion in this country and give them all the exact same rights as every other American,” Obama said. “There is no reason that a Muslim should have to take an oath on a book that he or she does not believe in. We need to respect the Muslim people and their beliefs and that is what I have done today by issuing this executive order.”



The most significant effect of the executive order is the new oath. As it currently stands, before testifying, a bailiff will ask the person on the stand to place their left hand on the Bible, raise their right hand and say, “Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?” With the new oath, while the Muslim has their right hand raised and left hand placed on the Quran, the bailiff will ask them, “Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you Allah?”

Khaled Matei who is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood‘s Freedom and Justice Party told ABC News he is pleased with Obama and his actions.

“I spoke with President Obama by telephone today and personally thanked him for what he is doing to help the Muslim community,” Matei said. “This is definitely a step in the right direction I explained to him. Praise Allah.”

“It’s no wonder we have so many problems in this country,” David Mikkelson from Snopes.com said. “If I’d had my wits about me I’d have told them that taking God out of the courtroom is only going to result in more criminals and murderers. I don’t know what can be done about it, but it’s time for us to step up and DO something.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with Obama’s decision.



“I think it’s only fair that we allow Muslims the same rights that Christians have in this country. Why should a Muslim person have to take an oath on a book they don’t believe in?” Bradley said. “Everyone in this country needs to be treated fairly, and that is why we dedicate so much of our time in helping the homeless. I sincerely want to thank everyone that has supported our cause by donating money or new socks, it means so much! In addition to that, I’m proud to say that Sock It Forward will be at the Phoenix Open all this week thanks to donations from Uber and Stance Socks, I swear to God,” Bradley laughed.

Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, whose real name is Paul Horner, is a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country speaking to elementary school children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he does not agree with what Obama is doing.

“All Muslims do all day is sit around and self-rape,” Horner said. “And now this Muslim president of ours, wants to give Muslims the exact same rights as us loving and caring Christians have? It’s pathetic and unconstitutional! America could be great again, but not with Muslims running around here, blowing everything up, and masturbating.”

Court rooms also allow affirmations to those who object to taking an oath. An affirmation has exactly the same legal effect as an oath, but is usually taken to avoid the religious implications of an oath; it is thus legally binding but not considered a religious oath.

The new executive order that allows Muslims to swear on the Quran in court instead of the Bible takes effect March 1st.
DNC Involved in Joint Investigation into Clinton Coin Toss.
DES MOINES, IOWA A full scale investigation has been launched following a discovery of potential corruption in the Iowa caucus by a local. Black Box Voting, a nonpartisan investigative organization dedicated to preserving the integrity of elections has joined with the Democratic National Committee over allegations that a coin toss to decide six total delegates for Secretary Hillary Clinton over Senator Bernie Sanders was fixed in her favor.

WATCH: Hillary Clinton won six delegates on Monday in six tied political regons by coin toss, the legitimacy of which has been called into question.



ABC News interviewed Liz Krupa, the 19 year old who claims to have found evidence of Clinton’s fraud.

“Well, I was shocked a coin flip was considered a fair way to decide delegates in the case of a tie. It is 2016 after all. I saw Sanders lose the flip, and all I could think about was when I was in elementary school I used to bend coins with my teeth in order to give myself an unfair advantage over bets.” With that thought, when Liz saw the caucus worker put the coin on a table, it was her immediate reaction to grab it. “I felt bad for taking it, but I ended up getting out my phone and I recorded myself flipping it seven times before two big men noticed me. Every flip was tails.” At this point, the coin was taken back from Krupa, and the men, likely security guards, insisted that she delete the video she had taken, and then tried to confiscate her phone. When she refused, the men physically and forcibly removed her from the Desmond caucus location. “I was thinking, maybe this was just strange chance. It wasn’t until security acted forcibly towards me that I knew I needed to send the video somewhere for investigation.”

Hillary Clinton has come under fire for several controversies recently, the most recent being a massive scandal with government emails being stored on a private server. As a result, she has gained the reputation among many voters to be dishonest. She won six out of six total delegates in the coin toss, giving her an extra edge in over Sanders, who nearly tied with her for votes. Statistically, the chance of Clinton winning all six coin tosses is a mere 1.6%. Once Black Box Voting received the video, they promptly launched an investigation, with the Democratic National Committee joining the investigation soon after.

When CBS News asked Lisa Heddons, the woman who flipped the coin in Desmond, on early Tuesday who she supported in her bid for the president, she originally maintained a position of no bias. However, with later pressing, she admitted she favored Clinton over Sanders. When CBS News began to press further questions about the legitimacy of the coin toss, interviewers were swiftly and curtly asked to leave.

Black Box Voting refuses to make an official statement claiming whether this case is being considered fraud currently. Regrettably, they will also not release the video of the coin flip until further study of the legitimacy of the local video and investigation into Clinton’s campaign are concluded.

ABC News will continue to bring the most up-to-date news on the matter.
Ted Cruz Ups The Stakes: “If Trump Debates Me One-On-One, I Will Wear Makeup”.
The Super Pac’s supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz have upped the ante in hope that a one-on-one debate with Donald Trump happens.

“Since we have not heard back from Donald Trump, we’ve decided to up the stakes. We’re confident that Trump will chicken out, but if he doesn’t, and does debate Ted Cruz one-on-one, in addition to us donating $1.5 million to veterans, Cruz will also wear woman’s makeup during the entire debate,” Paul Horner, a spokesman for the Keep the Promise I Super PAC said. “There is no way that Trump’s ego can pass up an offer this good,” Horner laughs.

At a rally Wednesday, Cruz renewed his proposal to Trump for a separate one-on-one debate, after the billionaire candidate announced he’d skip Thursday’s debate because he objects to moderator Megyn Kelly.



“If Donald finds Megyn so terribly frightening, I yesterday suggested an alternative. He and I are the leading candidates in this state right now, so how about the two of us in a one on one debate mano-a-mano?” Cruz told the crowd. “And I’m going to propose a venue: Western Iowa Tech, Saturday night in Sioux City — we already have it reserved.”

Then, he laid out the conditions: “Eight o’clock, Saturday night. A two-hour, one-on-one debate. Now, if gentle Donald cannot handle Megyn Kelly, how about — for a moderator, instead — Mark Levin? Or if he doesn’t like Mark Levin, how about Sean Hannity? And if he doesn’t like Sean Hannity, how about Rush Limbaugh?”

And if none of the three conservative radio hosts met with Trump’s approval, he had another idea.

“[I]f gentle Donald is frightened by Mark and Sean and Rush, then we’ll have no moderator whatsoever. A town hall of Iowans, and I’ll tell you what, Donald, you can invite half the people and control half the tickets. We’ll invite half the people and half the tickets, and each of us will alternate asking questions from the men and women of Iowa who are going to vote in the caucus on Monday night,” Cruz offered.

Cruz admitted that he doesn’t really expect Trump to accept the challenge.



“Because at the end of the day, it’s not really that Donald is afraid of Megyn. It’s not that he’s afraid of Mark or Sean or Rush. It’s not that he’s afraid of me,” Cruz explained, wrapping up his case against the billionaire. “He’s afraid of you. He doesn’t want to answer questions from the men and women of Iowa about how his record doesn’t match what he’s selling.”

The original offer, made by Super PACs supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz, told reporters they will donate $1.5 million to charities committed to helping veterans if rival Trump agrees to a one-on-one debate with Cruz.

“Not only would this be a heck of a debate, but it would also be a terrific opportunity to generate millions of dollars for the veterans,” the Keep the Promise I and II PACs said in a joint statement Wednesday night.

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she hopes Trump will accept the offer by Cruz for a one-on-one debate.

“It boils down to the fact that Cruz and Trump are both just pure evil. If Cruz’s Super Pac donates the money with no story, they don’t get their “headlines”. If they do something like this, to get the story, it gives Ted Cruz an opportunity to look like a hero in the eyes of his fans if Trump backs down. And if Trump agrees, it will be a fun circus attraction to watch. But most importantly, veterans will get $1.5 million and Ted Cruz will have to wear makeup,” Bradley said. “Even though Ted Cruz is evil incarnate, this is the only thing his campaign has ever done that I actually support.”

Megyn Kelly of Fox News, a moderator at Iowa’s debates on Thursday said she hopes Trump will accept the offer made by Cruz.

“Will Donald Trump man up and do this or will he chicken out? I for one would love to see veterans get $1.5 million, and maybe even more so, see what Cruz looks like with eye liner.”
Donald Trump Announces Sheriff Joe Arpaio As His Vice Presidential Running Mate.
Yesterday, Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially endorsed Donald Trump for president. Today, Trump shocked the country by announcing Arpaio as his pick for Vice Presidential running mate in 2016.

“I have great respect for Joe Arpaio,” Trump told reporters. “Like me, he understands that we must restore law and order to the border and respect the men and women of our police forces. I thank him for his support of my policies and candidacy for President. He too knows that we can make America great again, and because of this, I am proud to announce Joe Arpaio as my Vice Presidential running mate. And just moments ago, I’m happy to report that Arpaio has accepted my offer. So it’s now official; you will see a Trump-Arpaio ticket come this November.”

“Donald Trump is a leader,” Arpaio said in a written statement distributed by Trump’s presidential campaign. “He produces results and is ready to get tough in order to protect American jobs and families. I have fought on the front lines to prevent illegal immigration. I know Donald Trump will stand with me and countless Americans to secure our border. I am proud to support him as the best candidate for President and even prouder to accept his challenge of being the next Vice President of the United States.”



Paul Horner, a spokesman for Trump’s campaign told ABC News that a press conference is set for sometime tomorrow to officially announce the news of Trump’s pick of Arpaio for his Vice President.

Most of Trump’s supporters are ecstatic to hear about the news of Arpaio being the Vice Presidential running mate for Trump in 2016, but it comes with a cost. Arpaio, an extremely controversial figure, has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. He has been found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, with a monitor appointed to oversee the MCSO‘s operations. His jails have twice been ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Department of Justice concluded that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling in U.S. history, and subsequently filed a lawsuit against Arpaio for unlawful discriminatory police conduct. Arizona taxpayers have shelled out $8.2 million for outside attorneys in the nearly 4-year-old case, representing a sizable portion of the $50 million that Maricopa County is projected to pay in the lawsuit by next summer. The county has also had to pay out $74 million related to Arpaio that is separate from the racial-profiling costs. That figure includes judgments, settlements and legal fees involving Arpaio’s office during his tenure, covering such things as lawsuits over jail deaths and the Sheriff’s failed investigations of political enemies.

The official Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office website features a bio of Arpaio that touts his ‘Tent City Accomplishments’ by providing inmates with “the cheapest meals in the U.S.” by feeding inmates “only twice daily, to cut the labor costs of meal delivery.”

Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she does not approve of Trump’s pick for Vice President.



“A Donald Trump-Joe Arpaio ticket is like if Hitler came back to life, merged bodies with Satan and then chose evil incarnate as his Vice Presidential running mate,” Bradley said. “As someone who lives in Phoenix, and deals with the homeless problem there on a daily basis, I can say without a doubt; everyone would be much better without Sheriff Joe Arpaio.” Bradley continued, “The criminal justice system in Maricopa County is a joke; it’s a never-ending revolving door. They want you locked up in Arizona. They want you violating your probation, not being able to pay your child support, charging you with as many felonies as possible. All of this, so when you go out and try and get a job, no one will hire you because this Right to Work state is stricter on felons than any other state by far. So for someone with a criminal record, it’s either a job in telemarketing or going back to crime. And with a felony in this state, you’re denied pretty much every type of assistance; and that includes money, food stamps and getting a bed in most homeless shelters. So you have no job, no food and now you’re homeless too. And the Phoenix Police go out of their way to harass the homeless population here, it’s absolutely sickening how they treat them like animals. Even when we’re handing out socks we get bothered by the police all the time. They act like they’re doing us a favor by allowing us the privilege to give out new socks to people who are forced to sleep outside because some shelter won’t take them in because of their past criminal record. So with more and more homeless people in Arizona everyday, more and more crime, police budgets going up, taxes going up, the people here start accepting a police state and Joe Arpaio keeps getting reelected every year.”

Arpaio historically has been courted by Republican presidential candidates for endorsements, but never a Vice Presidential nomination. In the 2008 primaries, Arpaio backed former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney over a fellow Arizonan, Sen. John McCain. McCain won the GOP nomination that year. In the 2012 race, Arpaio threw his support to then-Texas Gov. Rick Perry, whose candidacy was also unsuccessful.
Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind.
FBI Director James Comey has stated there is no evidence showing that President Barack Obama ordered the wiretapping of Trump Towers, right wingers won’t let the story die.

Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones thinks that Obama was using supernatural means to monitor Trump.

“My sources in the CIA tell me Obama had a team of Kenyan witch doctors on the payroll who were trying to read Trump’s mind,” said Jones on his show “InfoWars.”

Jones promotes several conspiracy theories such as the government is putting chemicals in orange juice that turn men gay and the Sandy Hook school shooting was a false flag operation. But the CIA did carry out experiments in the 1970s where the attempted to train psychics to spy on America’s enemies.

However, Jones isn’t the only Republican still convinced that Obama was monitoring Trump, even though they have no evidence to show this. According to Media Matters, FOX News commentator Sean Hannity also won’t let the story go.

“And the general news media today, ‘It’s a bad day for Trump, after all they said that’ — no evidence that they — that Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. Well, that doesn’t mean they didn’t surveil Trump Tower. That doesn’t debunk the story we’ve had for ten days, that in fact, as part of the investigation, that we had corroborated two weeks ago on this program,” said Hannity on his radio show.
Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians.
Jim Bakker continues to thank God for the election of Donald Trump. On his self-titled television show, he recently shared a vision of America under Hillary Clinton.

“God came to me in a dream and showed me a vision of Hillary’s America,” said Bakker. “I saw Hillary forming an alliance with the Muslims and having Nation of Islam and ISIS-led gangs rounding up Christians and putting them in prison camps.”

Like many other Evangelicals, Bakker thinks Trump’s victory was ordained by God. However, many Evangelicals still have dire visions of the future.

End Times preacher Rick Wiles thinks the government will send flesh-eating robots to devour enemies of the state, according to Right Wing Watch.

“Our military is developing an army of human flesh-eating robots,” said Wiles on his radio show. “If you do not conform to the requirements of this new society, they’re going to send a robot to your house to eat you for lunch. That may sound extremely radical, but that’s where they’re taking it. They will reduce the human population. You will conform!”
White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful.
James Harris Jackson, a veteran who recently carried out a racist murder in New York, is getting criticism from unexpected sources.

Brian Blanc, president of the National White Alliance, has condemned Jackson’s killing of Timothy Caughman. Jackson stabbed him with a sword. Police claim he came to New York City on a mission to kill black men.

“The National White Alliance condemns Jackson’s actions,” said Blanc in a press release. “We do not support him. We do not want to kill the coloreds. We are not racists, but we would rather deport the mud people back to Africa. We think they would be more comfortable living alongside the animals in the jungle.”

Blanc’s views are shared by alt-right leader Richard Spencer who has talked about making America an “all-white ethnostate.”

Andrew Anglin, founder of the Daily Stormer, a white supremacist website also criticized Jackson. According to the Huffington Post, Anglin said Jackson’s actions made white nationalists look bad.

“Though we should acknowledge the tragedy of what Jackson did, the most important thing for us to remember is that he does not represent White Supremacy. White Supremacy is a religion of peace, and the overwhelming majority of White Supremacists are peaceful members of society who do not agree with stabbing random black people with swords,” said Anglin in a blog post.

The Daily Stormer’s site is full of racist and anti-semitic articles and posts.
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal.

Conservative firebrand Tomi Lahren, who became famous for her online video rants, was recently suspended by her network The Blaze. Apparently, her superiors were not amused with the pro-choice comments she made on “The View.”
Lahren, who has been nicknamed “White Power Barbie,” said she didn’t want the government telling her what to do with her guns or her body. But The Blaze founder Glenn Beck chastised her, according to the Daily Caller.

“I would disagree that you’re a hypocrite if you want limited government and yet you want the government to protect life of the unborn. It’s very, very clear. But it takes intellectual honesty, and it takes a willingness to actually think these things through and to do more than just read Twitter or Facebook to get your news and your political opinions. You actually have to study things — these things out in your mind. Especially at a time period like today,” said Beck.

But Lahren might not be out of work long. She has received an offer to shoot a video from porn giant Vivid.

“Tomi is an attractive young woman who would look good on camera,” said Vivid founder Steven Hirsch in a press release. “We’d like to shoot a series of videos featuring conservative female media personalities, I mean most of them look like porn stars anyway.”

When asked if the series would feature Ann Coulter, Hirsch responded by saying, “No one wants to see her dried up, old pussy.”

In recent years, Vivid has focused on “leaked” sex tapes featuring people like Kim Kardashian and Tila Tequila.
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’.
The live-action remake of Disney’s “Beauty and the Beast” topped the box office this weekend, but not everyone is pleased with the movie’s success. The National White Alliance criticized the movie saying it contains a subliminal message promoting “white genocide,” a favorite complaint of the far right.

“The movie might come across as a charming fairy tale, but it promotes interracial sex,” said Brian Blanc, National White Alliance president. “In the film, Emma Watson falls in love with a dark-skinned, beast who is charming and also possesses superhuman strength. I think that is a metaphor for black men. The Jews in Hollywood are secretly undermining the white race by encouraging young white women to have non-white babies.”

The declining white birth rate and the threat of being outbred by people of color is a big fear among white nationalists (also known as the alt-right.) Iowa Rep. Steve King has long promoted white nationalist views. Last week he made national headlines when he warned that people in the West needed to keep their birth rate up.

“You cannot rebuild your civilization with somebody else’s babies,” said King during a CNN interview. “You’ve got to keep your birth rate up, and that you need to teach your children your values. In doing so, you can grow your population, you can strengthen your culture, and you can strengthen your way of life.”

King’s comment was praised by white nationalists such as David Duke and commenters on Stormfront and The Daily Stormer.

World Net Daily Founder Claims Obama Wants to Return To Power, Admires African Dictator.
orld Net Daily Founder Joseph Farah claims former President Barack Obama is secretly plotting to come back to power. World Net Daily is a far-right conspiracy site famous for promoting birther stories.

According to Farah, Obama has dictatorial traits because of his African heritage.

“Obama wants to be like his hero Robert Mugabe, an African dictator who has been in power for more than 30 years,” said Farah in an interview with WEHW radio. “Obama plans to use his friends in the media and intelligence to spread fake news stories about the Trump administration’s failings. Then he will use that to seize power and declare himself president for life.”

Conservatives are convinced that Obama’s nefarious powers are far and wide. According to Media Matters, FOX News host Sean Hannity accused the former president of doing drugs and collaborating with Hawaiian U.S. District Judge Theodore Chang to sink President Donald Trump’s amended Muslim ban.

“By the way, this judge who issued the travel ban ruling is an Obama law school classmate. Maybe he should have recused himself from the case. Just a maybe. Were they best friends in Hawaii, were they part of the Choom Gang, smoking pot and hanging out?” said Hannity on his radio show.

The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
1 WEEK AGO
Savage Warns of Coming BLM-Led ‘Black Terrorism’

Michael Savage (WND)
By Breanna Marcos

Conservative radio show host Michael Savage has warned of a wave of coming attacks from “black terrorists.”

“The Trump administration needs to monitor black terrorist groups such as Black Lives Matter, who are collaborating with ISIS,” said Savage on his show “The Savage Nation.” “The rise of Trump has made the blacks switch their attention from killing each other to killing white people.”

His comments are similar to statements made by white supremacist Rep. Steve King who claimed blacks and Latinos would never become a majority in the country because they would rather fight each other. Savage also pointed the finger at the hip hop community.

“I expect we will see more anti-white songs from the hip hoppers,” said Savage.

President Donald Trump is currently involved in a Twitter feud with rapper Snoop Dogg whose latest video features him shooting a Trump-like figure.

 Follow
 Donald J. Trump ✔ @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
7:02 AM - 15 Mar 2017
  40,981 40,981 Retweets   128,183 128,183 likes


However, Savage isn’t the only right winger who’s convinced that Black Lives Matter is a violent group. According to VICE, Lauren Southern, a Canadian alt-right media figure, claimed BLM has caused more deaths in the last 30 years than the KKK.

Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
MEDIA NEWS POLITICSAFRICAN AMERICANALT RIGHTBLACK LIVES MATTERBLACK REPUBLICANSBLACK TERRORISTSBLACKSBLMCONSERVATIVEDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENTDONALD TRUMP NET WORTHDONALD TRUMP TAXESGOPHIP HOPISISKKKKU KLUX KLANLATINOLATINOSLAUREN SOUTHERNMICHAEL SAVAGEPOLITICAL NEWSPRESIDENTRADIO SHOW HOSTREP.REPRESENTATIVEREPUBLICANREPUBLICAN PARTYREPUBLICANSSNOOP DOGGSTAVE KINGTHE SAVAGE NATIONTWITTERWHITE HOUSEWHITE PEOPLEWHITE SUPERMACIST
Post navigation
Previous
Robertson: Prayer Warriors Are Shielding Trump From Hackers
Next
World Net Daily Founder Claims Obama Wants to Return To Power, Admires African Dictator
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 

EMAIL * 

WEBSITE 

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
1 WEEK AGO
Robertson: Prayer Warriors Are Shielding Trump From Hackers

Pat Robertson

By Alan Gordon
President Donald Trump has caught a lot of flak for his lax security. He’s still using an unsecured Android phone and his frequent trips to Mar-a-Lago are said to be a spy’s paradise. But televangelist and Trump supporter Pat Robertson said Trump is under divine protection.

“There are thousands of Christians across the country praying for Trump’s protection,” said Robertson on “The 700 Club.” “Prayer warriors are shielding Trump from any form of malicious hacking.”

Several Evangelicals have proclaimed that Trump was put into the White House by divine authority. According to Right Wing Watch, Frank Amedia, a pastor who served on Trump’s Christian policy liaison team, believes Trump was tipped off about alleged wiretapping by the Lord. Last week, Trump set off a media storm when he accused President Barack Obama of bugging Trump Towers.

However, he provided no evidence to back up this claim and also missed the deadline to provide evidence to the House Intelligence Panel.

“Two weeks before the inauguration, the Lord showed me the vision three times of bugging. I saw the vision of a ghost-like figure running around the White House and putting pins in things. It came three nights in a row at three o’clock in the morning. I said, ‘What is it?’ He said, ‘They’re bugs.’ I said, ‘Bugs?’ ‘Yes.’” said Amendia. “The bugging that was discovered, this was revealed through POTUS Shield two weeks before the inauguration. And the Vice President was made aware of it. And then one week after the inauguration, the president’s office received it along with the CIA, and they’ve received two of them. There’s a third one yet that needs to be discovered and uncovered. This was on POTUS Shield before it happened.”

POTUS Shield is a group of evangelicals who are praying for the First Family’s safety.



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
MEDIA NEWS POLITICS RELIGION700 CLUBANDROIDBLACK REPUBLICANSBUGGINGBUGSCELL PHONECHRISTIANCHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALISTSCIACONSERVATIVEDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENTDONALD TRUMP WIFEEVANGELICALEVANGELICAL CHRISTIANSEVANGELICALSFRANK AMENDIAGOPHACKHACKERSHACKINGHOUSEINTELLIGENCELORDMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINMIRA LAGOPANELPASTORPOLITICAL NEWSPOTUS SHIELDPRAYPRAYER WARRIORSPRAYERSPRESIDENTPRESIDENT BARACK OBAMAREPUBLICAN PARTYSECURITYSPYINGTELEVANGELISTTRUMP TOWERSVOTEVOTERWHITE HOUSE
Post navigation
Previous
National White Alliance Praises Rep. Steve King, Calls For Pregnancy Tests At Border
Next
Savage Warns of Coming BLM-Led ‘Black Terrorism’
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 

EMAIL * 

WEBSITE 

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
Archives

March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Categories

Entertainment
Media
Memes
News
Politics
Religion
Sport
Uncategorized
Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Subscribe to our mailing list

* indicates required
EMAIL ADDRESS *

FIRST NAME

LAST NAME


Subscribe
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Apostrophe by WordPress.com.
Facebook
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
2 WEEKS AGO
National White Alliance Praises Rep. Steve King, Calls For Pregnancy Tests At Border

Rep. Steve King (YouTube)
By Michael Hoult

The National White Alliance, a white nationalist group, has come to the defense of embattled Iowa Rep. Steve King. King has been embroiled in controversy since he made comments in support of Dutch far-right candidate Geert Wilders.

King tweeted:

 Follow
 Steve King ✔ @SteveKingIA
Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://twitter.com/v_of_europe/status/840724494113206272 …
1:40 PM - 12 Mar 2017 · Iowa, USA
  9,006 9,006 Retweets   14,137 14,137 likes
National White Alliance President Brian Blanc praised King for taking a stand to preserve America.

“King just wants America to return to the good old days of the 1950s,” said Blanc in a press release. “And we can’t do that if we keep letting the entire Third World immigrate to America. I suggest the border patrol start issuing pregnancy test for any woman detained at the border. If they’re pregnant, they can’t come in.”

King has also been praised by other white supremacists such as former KKK leader David Duke. Duke proclaimed King, the successor to President Donald Trump, according to ThinkProgress. Other racists dubbed him “King Steve,” and Andrew Anglin, founder of the Daily Stormer, said he was “our guy.”

“OUR civilization and SOMEBODY ELSE’S babies. Not really any nuance there,” said Anglin. “Steve King should be Speaker of the House. Period. There [sic] is as plain as the nose on your face. He is /ourguy/.”



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
NEWS POLITICSALT RIGHTAMERICAANTI IMMIGRANTBIGOTBORDERBRIAN BLANCBUILD THE WALLCONSERVATIVEDAILY STORMERDAVID DUKEDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP 2016DONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDUTCHFAR RIGHTGEERT WILDERSGOPHOLLANDIOWAISLAMISLAMOPHOBIAKKKMUSLIMNATIONAL WHITE ALLIANCENETHERLANDSNWAPOLITICAL NEWSPRESIDENTRACISTREP.REPRESENTATIVEREPUBLICANREPUBLICAN PARTYREPUBLICANSSTEVE ANGLINSTEVE KINGSTEVE KING RACIST COMMENTSTHIRD WORLD
Post navigation
Previous
Jones: Obama Plans to Overthrow Trump With Army of Human-Reptilian Hybrids
Next
Robertson: Prayer Warriors Are Shielding Trump From Hackers
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 

EMAIL * 

WEBSITE 

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
Archives

March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Categories

Entertainment
Media
Memes
News
Politics
Religion
Sport
Uncategorized
Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Subscribe to our mailing list

* indicates required
EMAIL ADDRESS *

FIRST NAME

LAST NAME


Subscribe
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Apostrophe by WordPress.com.
Facebook
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
2 WEEKS AGO
Jones: Obama Plans to Overthrow Trump With Army of Human-Reptilian Hybrids

Alex Jones wearing an alien mask. (YouTube)
By Mary Washington

Even though President Barack Obama has been out of office for about three months, that hasn’t stopped Republicans from blaming him for all the ills befalling the Trump administration. But conspiracy theorist Alex Jones has taken it one step further. He accused Obama of plotting to overthrow the government and get back in the White House.

“My intelligence sources say Obama is planning to use a battalion of human-reptilian super soldiers to overthrow President Donald Trump and use that as an excuse to install himself as president,” said Jones on his show “InfoWars.” “My sources say these hybrids look like humans but have enhanced capabilities, like the ability to see in the dark and super strength.”

Jones claimed the hybrids were developed with “George Soros’ billions.” Jones also believes that government was behind 9/11 and the Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax.

However, many other Republicans think Obama has sinister ulterior motives. According to the Huffington Post, Rep. Mike Kelly (R-Pa.) said Obama stayed in Washington, D.C. so he could operate a “shadow government” designed to frustrate Trump’s agenda.

“People sit back and they say to me, ‘My gosh, why can’t you guys get this done?’ I’m saying we’ve got a new CEO, we’ve got some new heads in the different departments, but the same people are there, and they don’t believe that the new owners or the new managers should be running the ship,” said Kelly.

However, several months ago the Obamas announced they intended to stay in the capital until their youngest daughter Sasha graduated from high school.



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
NEWS POLITICS9/11ALEX JONESALIENALIENSALT RIGHTBILLIONAIREBILLIONSBUILD THE WALLCAPITOLCONSERVATIVED.C.DAUGHTERDAUGHTERSDEMOCRATIC PARTYDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP 2016DONALD TRUMP BANKRUPTCYDONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDONALD TRUMP WIFEGEORGE SOROSGOPGOVERNMENTHIGH SCHOOLHYRBRIDMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINMIKE KELLYOBAMASPOLITICAL NEWSPRESIDENTPRESIDENT BARACK OBAMAREP.REPRESENTATIVEREPTILIANREPUBLICANREPUBLICANSSANDY HOOKSANDY HOOK SHOOTINGSASHASHADOW GOVERNMENTSUPER SOLDIERSTRUMP ADMINISTRATIONWASHINGTONWHITE HOUSE
Post navigation
Previous
Alt Right Wants Interracial Porn Banned, Trump Adviser Recruited Black Men To Have Sex With Wife
Next
National White Alliance Praises Rep. Steve King, Calls For Pregnancy Tests At Border
0 comments
Egli Diana Pinto
MARCH 24, 2017 AT 8:57 PM
Your comment is awaiting moderation.

Your method of explaining all in this post is in fact good, all be capable of effortlessly be aware of it, Thanks a lot.

REPLY
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 
Egli Diana Pinto

EMAIL * 
koryspurlock@gmail.com

WEBSITE 
http://eglidianapinto.co/egli-diana-pinto-2/

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
Archives

March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Categories

Entertainment
Media
Memes
News
Politics
Religion
Sport
Uncategorized
Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Subscribe to our mailing list

* indicates required
EMAIL ADDRESS *

FIRST NAME

LAST NAME


Subscribe
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Apostrophe by WordPress.com.
Facebook
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
MARCH 5, 2017
German Neo Nazi Group Honors Steve Bannon

Steve Bannon (YouTube)

By Alan Gordon
The National Democratic Party, a far-right political group based in Germany, has named Steve Bannon, an advisor to President Donald Trump, the winner of it’s Heinrich Himmler Award.

According to a press release, the award honors politicians for pushing far-right policies.

“Steve Bannon is the brains behind many of the Trump administration’s policies, such as the Muslim ban and the deportation of illegal immigrants,” said the release. “These policies are ridding the United States of undesirables. We only wish our politicians in the Fatherland could adopt these same policies.”

Bannon, who has been described as Trump’s brain, formerly served as CEO of Breitbart, turning it into a hotbed of white nationalism, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.

“Breitbart went hardcore when he was running it,” said Andrew Anglin, proprietor of The Daily Stormer in an interview with Nordfront Radio, a Swedish neo-Nazi radio program. “It is still hardcore now. It really changed from being this kind of basic cuckservative type website to being this, I mean, the articles that they publish about blacks in America and about Muslims in Europe, it’s basically stuff that you would read on the Daily Stormer.”

During divorce proceedings, Bannon’s third ex-wife accused him of making anti-Semitic statements.



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
MEDIA NEWS POLITICSAFRICAN AMERICANSALT RIGHTANDREW ANGLINANTI-SEMTIICBLACKSBREITBART STEVE BANNONBUILD THE WALLCEOCONSERVATIVEDAILY STORMERDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP BANKRUPTCYDONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENTFAR RIGHTFATHERLANDGERMANYGOPHEINRICH HIMMLERILLEGAL IMMIGRANTSMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINMUSLIM BANNATIONAL DEMOCRATIC PARTYNEO NAZIPOLICIESPOLITICAL NEWSREPUBLICANREPUBLICAN PARTYSOUTHERN POVERTY LAW CENTERSTEVE BANNONUNITED STATESUSWHITE HOUSE
Post navigation
Previous
Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Next
Jones Claims Obama Using ‘CIA Mind Control’ to Undermine Trump
0 comments
Itamar Serpa Fernandes
MARCH 24, 2017 AT 8:42 PM
Your comment is awaiting moderation.

Thanks for finally writing about >German Neo
Nazi Group Honors Steve Bannon – The Business Standard News <Loved it!

REPLY
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 
Itamar Serpa Fernandes

EMAIL * 
alfred_barnes@arcor.de

WEBSITE 
http://www.revistaprocura.com.br/itamar-serpa-e-a-embelleze/

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
Archives

March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Categories

Entertainment
Media
Memes
News
Politics
Religion
Sport
Uncategorized
Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Subscribe to our mailing list

* indicates required
EMAIL ADDRESS *

FIRST NAME

LAST NAME


Subscribe
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Apostrophe by WordPress.com.
Facebook
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
MARCH 7, 2017
Jones Claims Obama Using ‘CIA Mind Control’ to Undermine Trump

Alex Jones (Brent Humphreys/Esquire)

By Rondell Pettus
President Donald Trump’s new strategy is to lay the blame for all of his ills at the feet of his predecessor President Barack Obama. Trump set off another firestorm this weekend when he accused Obama of wiretapping phones at Trump Tower. However, he offered no concrete proof of this.

But Trump is being backed by his rabid fans in the right-wing media.

Conservative radio show host Mark Levin, who kicked started the wiretap story, condemned Obama’s abusive practices in an email to CNNMoney.

“It was investigating the campaign of a presidential candidate of an opposing party during the course of the campaign. Its use of FISA, loosening of NSA distribution requirements, husbanding and protecting information at the behest of White House staff on the way out the door, and recent leaks of confidential and perhaps classified information is extraordinary,” he wrote.

According to Media Matters, Levin has a history of making outlandish and racist comments such as accusing illegal immigrants of bringing down test scores. He has also accused Obama of planting the seeds for World War III.

Many other Republican media figures have accused Obama loyalists in the White House and CIA of undermining the Trump administration. However, conspiracy theorist Alex Jones thinks Obama has unleashed some of the CIA’s most secret weapons against Trump.

“I have intelligence sources that say Obama loyalists in the CIA are using a team of government-created telepaths to command the media to go after Trump,” he said. “They’re also behind of all the alleged protesters at the Republican town halls. That’s coordinated telepathy.”


Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
MEDIA NEWS POLITICSALEX JONESALT RIGHTBUGBUGGINGBUILD THE WALLCIACLASSIFIEDCONFIDENTIALCONSERVATIVECOURTDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENTDONALD TRUMP NET WORTHDONALD TRUMP WIFEFISAGOPIMMIGRANTSINFO WARSLEAKSLOYALISTSMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINMARK LEVINMIND CONTROLNATIONAL SECURITY AGENCYNSAPHONE LINESPOLITICAL NEWSPRESIDENTPRESIDENT BARACK OBAMARADIO SHOW HOSTREPUBLICANREPUBLICAN PARTYREPUBLICANSRUSSIARUSSIANSTELEPATHSTOWN HALLSTRUMP TOWERSWHITE HOUSEWIRE TAP
Post navigation
Previous
German Neo Nazi Group Honors Steve Bannon
Next
Alt Right Wants Interracial Porn Banned, Trump Adviser Recruited Black Men To Have Sex With Wife
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 

EMAIL * 

WEBSITE 

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
Archives

March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Categories

Entertainment
Media
Memes
News
Politics
Religion
Sport
Uncategorized
Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Subscribe to our mailing list

* indicates required
EMAIL ADDRESS *

FIRST NAME

LAST NAME


Subscribe
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Apostrophe by WordPress.com.
Facebook
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
MARCH 9, 2017
Alt Right Wants Interracial Porn Banned, Trump Adviser Recruited Black Men To Have Sex With Wife

Roger Stone (YouTube)
By Michael Hoult

Televangelist Jim Bakker said he hopes President Donald Trump will launch a crusade against the adult entertainment industry.

“God came to me in a dream last night and said he was go to send a messenger to crush porn, and that messenger is Donald Trump,” said Bakker on his television show.

Bakker went on to say that today’s porn is a lot more hardcore.

“This is not just Playboy,” he said. “It’s girls, group sex, sex toys. It damages kids.”

These views seem to be catching on around the country. According to The Tennessean, the state’s General Assembly recently passed a resolution calling porn a “public health crisis” and claiming it could lead to eating disorders in children.

Brian Blanc, president of the National White Alliance, agrees with Bakker.

“What we see on the Internet promotes the most perverted stuff,” said Blanc. “We have sites like Blacked.com, which actively promotes large black men having sex with innocent, young white women, who are likely coerced into sex acts.”

However, a recent story by the Smoking Gun might shatter some of Blanc’s ideas. The Smoking Gun recently published a lengthy story linking former Trump adviser Roger Stone to Russian hacker “Guccifer 2.0.”

But even though Stone has recently courted white nationalists (the alt right,) his private life indicates he doesn’t support their views. (According to the Washington Post, alt-right leader Richard Spencer said he would no longer date non-white women and called for interracial relationships to be banned.)

Stone was fired from the Bob Dole presidential campaign after it was revealed that he and his wife were swingers. The Smoking Gun also revealed Stone had placed ads on Dark Cavern, an interracial sex site, looking for black men to have sex with his wife.

According to the ad, Stone described himself as an “obedient husband” ready to “share” his wife. This sexual fetish is known a “cuckolding.” The alt right often insultingly refers to mainstream Republicans as “cuckservatives,” but it seems that Stone is a real-life cuckservative.



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
ENTERTAINMENT MEDIA POLITICS1996 PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONAFRICAN AMERICANALT RIGHTBOB DOLEBRIAN BLANCBUILD THE WALLCHRISTIANCHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALISTSCUCKHOLDCUCKHOLDINGCUCKSCUCKSERVATIVEDARK CAVERNDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP BANKRUPTCYEMAILSEVANGELICAL CHRISTIANSGOPGUCCIFER 2.0HACKHACKERHACKINGHARDCOREINTERRACIAL SEXJIM BAKKERJIM BAKKER SHOWMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINNATIONAL WHITE ALLIANCEOBEDIENT HUSBANDPLAYBOYPOLITICAL NEWSPORNPORN CRISISPORN INDUSTRYPORNOGRAPHYPRESIDENTPUBLIC HEALTH CRISISREPUBLICANRICHARD SPENCERROGER STONERUSSIARUSSIANRUSSIANSSWINGERSTENNESSEANTHE SMOKING GUNVOTERWHITEWHITE NATIONALISTS
Post navigation
Previous
Jones Claims Obama Using ‘CIA Mind Control’ to Undermine Trump
Next
Jones: Obama Plans to Overthrow Trump With Army of Human-Reptilian Hybrids
0 comments
financial advisor grand rapids
MARCH 25, 2017 AT 3:30 AM
Your comment is awaiting moderation.

This page certainly has all the info I wanted concerning this subject and didn’t
know who to ask.

REPLY
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 
financial advisor grand rapids

EMAIL * 
zita_gosselin@arcor.de

WEBSITE 
http://163.22.168.6/~ntcta1/userinfo.php?uid=2242124

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
Archives

March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Categories

Entertainment
Media
Memes
News
Politics
Religion
Sport
Uncategorized
Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Subscribe to our mailing list

* indicates required
EMAIL ADDRESS *

FIRST NAME

LAST NAME


Subscribe
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Apostrophe by WordPress.com.
Facebook
The Business Standard News BS News, keeping it real
Skip to content
Home
About
MARCH 2, 2017
Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition

Jesse Lee Peterson

By Mary Washington
Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson, a black conservative and minister, has called on the Trump administration to employ a government-funded exorcist. Speaking on his radio show, Peterson said that a White House exorcist was needed to fight back against the demonically-inspired opposition.

“If you look at this wave of protests, it’s more than just the liberal left,” he said. “Trump was put into the White House by prayers and so the Devil is fighting back hard against this.”

Peterson isn’t the only Evangelical Christian who believes that any protest against President Donald Trump is inspired by dark forces.

On “TruNews” end times preacher Rick Wiles claimed God was providing Trump with spiritual protection, according to Right Wing Watch.

“God is shielding that man and none of their witchcraft and sorcery is going to work,” said Wiles.

Televangelist Pat Robertson, founder of Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN,) claimed protests against Trump were “satanic.”

“There’s a desire on the part of some, and I think it’s satanic, it really is spiritual, to destroy America. America is the great hope of the world. If America goes down, the lamp of freedom goes out,” said Robertson on “The 700 Club.”



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
NEWS POLITICS RELIGION700 CLUBADMINISTRATIONAMERICABLACK REPUBLICANSBUILD THE WALLCBNCHRISTIANCHRISTIAN BROADCASTING NETWORKCHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALISTSCONSERVATIVEDEMONDEMONICALLY-INSPIREDDEMONSDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDONALD TRUMP NET WORTHEVANGELICALEVANGELICAL CHRISTIANSEVANGELICALSJESSE LEE PETERSONLEFTLIBERALMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINMINISTERPAT ROBERSONPOLITICAL NEWSPRAYERPRAYERSPRESIDENTREPUBLICANREPUBLICANSREV.REVERENDRICK WILESSATANSATANICSORCERYSPIRTUALTHE DEVILWHITE HOUSEWITCHCRAFTWITCHES
Post navigation
Previous
Jones Blames Oscar Mix up on BLM, Anonymous Hackers
Next
German Neo Nazi Group Honors Steve Bannon
One comment
Bablofil
MARCH 4, 2017 AT 3:15 AM
Thanks, great article.

REPLY
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

COMMENT 

NAME * 

EMAIL * 

WEBSITE 

Post Comment

 NOTIFY ME OF FOLLOW-UP COMMENTS BY EMAIL.

 NOTIFY ME OF NEW POSTS BY EMAIL.

SEARCH FOR: 
Search …
Recent Posts

White Supremacists Denounce Racist Murder, Claim They’re Peaceful
Bakker: Hillary Would Have Sent Muslim Gangs To Round Up Christians
Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Vivid Offers Tomi Lahren Porn Deal
National White Alliance Says ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Promotes ‘White Genocide’
Recent Comments

Fredo on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Lee on Jones: Obama Hired Kenyan Witch Doctors to Read Trump’s Mind
Bablofil on Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition
Mary Marincik on Limbaugh, White Nationalists Claim Press Being Extra Critical of Trump Because He’s White
MARCH 1, 2017
Jones Blames Oscar Mix up on BLM, Anonymous Hackers

Alex Jones (YouTube)
By Rondell Pettus

Sunday night’s Oscar ceremony will go down in history for having one of the most embarrassing gaffes. “La La Land” was mistakenly announced as best picture winner instead of “Moonlight.” But radio show host Alex Jones, of course, sees a conspiracy at work.

“‘La La Land’ was supposed to win but Black Lives Matter terrorists and Anonymous teamed up to hack the results,” said Jones on his show “Infowars.” “It worked for Hollywood because it helps advance their liberal agenda.”

Breitbart, the white nationalist site which is pro-Trump, also promoted another conspiracy theory. The site featured a story from the East Bay Times, which suggested that President Donald Trump was behind the mix up. The East Bay Times claims it was payback for several critical comments made about him at the Oscars

“Did presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway blow it big time? Was this the revenge of Steve Harvey? Or did the White House play a role — seeking retaliation for all those zingers Kimmel tossed President Trump’s way?” said East Bay Times writer Chuck Barney. “Conspiracy theories will undoubtedly abound as sleuths seek to get to the bottom of this Oscar fiasco.”



Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
NEWS POLITICSALEX JONESALT RIGHTAWARDSBEST PICTUREBLACK REPUBLICANSBREITBARTBUILD THE WALLCONSERVATIVECONSPIRACY THEORISTDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP BANKRUPTCYDONALD TRUMP CHOSEN BY GODDONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENTDONALD TRUMP JR.DONALD TRUMP WIFEEAST BAY TIMESFILMGOPHOLYWOODINFO WARSJIMMY KIMMELLA LA LANDMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINMIX UOMIX UP\MOONLIGHTMOVIESOSCARPOLITICAL NEWSPRESIDENT BARACK OBAMAPRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONRADIO SHOW HOSTWHITE NATIONISTWINNER
Post navigation
Previous
National White Alliance Accuses ‘Get Out’ Movie Of Being Anti White
Next
Peterson Calls on Trump to Appoint WH Exorcist to Fight ‘Demonic’ Opposition

National White Alliance Accuses ‘Get Out’ Movie Of Being Anti White

A scene from “Get Out” (YouTube)
By Piper Blackmun

The National White Alliance has criticized Jordan Peele’s horror movie “Get Out.” The movie follows a black man who goes to meet his white girlfriend’s parents and encounters mind control and racism. “Get Out” currently has a 100 percent positive rating from film critics on Rotten Tomatoes. But according to National White Alliance President Brian Blanc, the film features unrealistic portrayals of evil white people.

“I know liberal Hollywood will love this movie, but ‘Get Out’ is anti white in my opinion,” said Blanc in a press release. “The kind of racism portrayed in this movie does not exist.”

According to Mic, several other reviewers of the movie also accused it of being racist against white people.

“I don’t care if this actually an entertaining movie or not I find it atrocious that anyone can support such outright racism. It’s blatantly pushing a racist stereotype agenda against white people. But no you can’t be racist against white people we’re ‘too privileged’ I’ve heard as an excuse …” said a reviewer called “Keith%20”

But even though Blanc downplays racism, the Trump presidency has spurred an increase in overt racism and a rise in the popularity of hate groups. In Missouri Jewish headstones were desecrated at a graveyard and in Kansas, Adam W. Purinton, a white man, shot dead an Indian man after demanding to see his visa.


Sharing is caring!

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
ENTERTAINMENT NEWSADAM W. PURINTONBRIAN BLANCDIRECTORDONALD TRUMPDONALD TRUMP BANKRUPTCYDONALD TRUMP WIFEFILMGET OUTGRAVEYARDHATE CRIMEHATE GROUPSHEADSTONESHOLLYWOODINDIAINDIANJEWJEWISHJEWSJORDAN PEELEKANSASKEY AND PEELEMAD TVMISSOURIMOVIENATIONAL WHITE ALLIANCENWAPRESIDENCYPRESIDENTRACERACISMRACISTREVIEWREVIEWERROTTEN TOMATOESSHOOTINGVISAWHITE PEOPLE
Post navigation
Previous
Jones Blames Trump Opposition on Reptillians, Obama, Soros
Next
Jones Blames Oscar Mix up on BLM, Anonymous Hackers
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

TRUMP REPORTS WORLD RECORD 39 UNDER PAR, 12 HOLES-IN-ONE, DURING GOLF OUTING WITH JAPANESE PRIME MINISTER.
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court.
President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe hit the links at the world famous Trump National Jupiter Golf Club & Spa on Saturday with hopes of forging a diplomatic bond but ended up with much more.

While no press was allowed to cover the event, due to being holed up in the clubhouse basement with black plastic blocking all views of the outside world, a statement put out by Press Secretary Sean Spicer confirms that President Trump broke two long standing world records and accomplished golf’s greatest feat.  Trump reportedly finished the round of 18 with a whopping 39 under par breaking the previous record set by former North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Il in 1994.  The record breaking round included no less than 12 holes-in-one also besting the previous record set by Jong-Il making Trump the greatest golfer in recorded history.

In what is being dubbed the “greatest golf match in history”, Trump came out swinging with holes-in-one on the first three holes (410 yard par 4, 387 yard par 4 and 464 yard par 4) followed by a double-eagle on the difficult 570 yard par 5  hole 4.  After a strong 450 yard drive into the wind, Trump reportedly sunk the 120 yard approach shot with ease.  He followed that up with holes-in-one on the next two holes (a challenging 135 yard par 3 and a long 363 yard par 4) before recording a birdie on the 560 yard par 5 seventh hole.  Trump wrapped up the front 9 with two more holes-in-one for a total of 7 aces going into the second round with an amazing score of just 12.

The back nine proved to be more of a challenge for Trump who rimmed out a putt on the 547 yard par 5 tenth hole for a birdie.  Hole 11, a 434 yard dog leg left par 4 proved to be no challenge for Trump as he drained his tea shot for what would be his 8th ace of the day.  Hole 12, a long and challenging dog leg right par 4 at faced a similar fate as Trump rolled one in from 454 yards out.  Hole 13, a straight away par 5 at 529 yards proved to be Trump’s worst hole of the day on the scorecard.  Although reaching the green in just one massive drive, Trump reportedly three-putted for a birdie.  The visibly distressed Trump held his composure to go on to drain the next three tea shots on hole 14 (209 yard par 3), hole 15 (a short yet challenging 379 yard par 4), and hole 16 (a slight dog leg left par 4 at 403 yards) for a world record 12 holes-in-one and an astounding 39 under par round of 55.  From all accounts it was a round of the ages.

The much anticipated visit comes amid increasing tensions at home and abroad for the Trump administration who in just three weeks has managed to alienate much of his base, several foreign leaders and the nearly 60% of Americans who did not vote for him.

Trump reportedly wrapped up his evening with dinner for members of the Japanese delegation and Prime Minister Abe at the “winter White House” Mar-a-Lago.  No word yet as to how incredible the dinner was, but all assumptions point to it being incredible, fantastic, and the best.
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI.
The results of Super Bowl LI are in, and the winner is the New England Patriots.

After pulling out to an early 28-3 lead, Atlanta allowed the Patriots to reel off 25 consecutive points to tie the game and secure an overtime period (the first in Super Bowl history).

Although the Falcons outpaced the Patriots by nearly millions of fans, according to Nielsen ratings released late this evening, the Patriots pulled of an amazing comeback to win in overtime by a score of 34-28.

“We all brought each other back,” said quarterback Tom Brady, who was named Super Bowl M.V.P. for a record fourth time. “We never felt out of it.”

At the end, Brady completed 43 of 62 passes for 466 yards and two touchdowns.

For his part, Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan appeared unstoppable through the first three quarters with plenty of help from the Falcons defense.

The game became political after President Donald Trump chose to side with the Patriots setting off a firestorm of left wing hacks to back the Falcons in an Anti-American move to simply spite the President.  The famed commercials aired during the game added to the sentiment of a large number of Americans unhappy with the direction taken by the Trump administration.

Trump, who is famously friendly with the team’s owner (Robert Kraft), coach (Bill Belichick) and quarterback (Tom Brady), gave up on his Super Bowl favorites after the team went down 28-3 in the second half and left his Trump International Golf Party in West Palm Beach, Florida.  Trump would later tweet “What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots.  Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners.  Wow.”

In response to the lose, liberals launched the hashtag #NotMyOvertime.

Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes.

The handlers of Pennsylvania’s most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, said the furry whiskered rodent saw his shadow early Thursday morning, predicting four more years of insufferable snowflakes.

The top hat-wearing cult members of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club reveal Phil’s forecast every February 2nd, based on a German legend surrounding Candlemas.

Thousands gathered overnight on Gobbler’s Knob, a tiny hill just outside of town. Folk music and fireworks displays went on long into the night.

The groundhog’s prediction is typically contained in a short poem, often times based on current events. This year, Phil’s official decree touched on a subject on everyone’s mind, the newly elected 45th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

“It’s mighty cold weather, you’ve been braving. Is it a peaceful future you are craving? The seer of seers says play your Trump card, be not intimidated by angry libtards,” the proclamation read. “Since you’ve been up all night and starting to shake, I see four more years of whiny, entitled snowflakes.”

As aficionados of the ritual will know, that means we’re in for at least four more years of protests, trigger warnings and safe spaces.

God help us all.

Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters.
Soon after securing the Republican presidential nomination, business mogul/reality TV star Donald J. Trump swore off any and all assistance from the U.S. intelligence community, stating he did not trust the briefings he was set to receive as the nominee. “I won’t use them because they’ve made such bad decisions,” he said at the time.

The Washington Post recently reported that a team of intelligence analysts “has been prepared to deliver daily briefings on global developments and security threats to Trump in the two weeks since he won,” but he’s passed on all but two meetings. Offered daily access to sensitive and classified information from around the globe, the U.S.’s incoming leader — who has no governmental or military experience — simply declined, declaring he’d rather receive his daily briefings over his favorite social media platform, Twitter.

“I like Twitter because it trims off all the fat,” Trump told Fox News, “if you can’t get your point across in 140-characters or less, then it can’t be that important anyways.”

Trump’s team says the president-elect has been focused on the transition and selecting the members of his administration’s Cabinet and say he still has plenty of time to get up to speed on international affairs and security threats before he takes office.

The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, who is also a senior member of Trump’s transition team, told the Post that he is not concerned about Trump’s Twitter preference.

“National security is Donald Trump’s No. 1 priority and he’s taking it very seriously,” Nunes said. “Look how many leaders he’s met with, how many phone calls he’s taken, positions he’s filled. So what if he uses Twitter…he’s getting the job done.”

Mr. Trump has tweeted almost two dozen times in the last two days, including a barrage of multi-tweet criticisms of the press, a violent tweetstorm about the popular vote and possible fraud, and his latest proposal; to jail or revoke citizenship of people who burn the American flag.
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’.
President-Elect Donald J. Trump has already been raising eyebrows with his cabinet and adviser selections.

Trump tapped Jeff Sessions as his Attorney General when Sessions was deemed too racist for a federal judgeship back in the 1980’s. He’s asked Steve Bannon, an executive for Breitbart News, which frequently publishes white nationalist and white supremacist news under the banner of the “alt-right” movement, to be his Chief Strategist. This week he announced that South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley will be his U.N. ambassador despite having no experience in the State Department, and has reportedly asked Dr. Ben Carson — a chief rival during the Republican primaries — to be his Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

At a press conference late Tuesday night, Trump gave some insight into his thinking process in inviting Carson into the role of HUD secretary.

“Well, I mean, you know, he’s um, one of them, isn’t he,” Trump asked rhetorically.

Reporters asked Trump what he meant by “one of them.” The president-elect first just winked back at the reporters. When they didn’t understand what he meant, he tried touching his nose. Exasperated, Mr. Trump finally answered the question in his trademark way.

“Look, he’s one of them, you know what I mean,” Trump said, “you know, his people are into jazz and they have an extra muscle that makes them good sports.”

The press pool was still not quite sure what he meant. Trump tried again to explain to him why he was choosing Dr. Carson for his HUD secretaro.

“It’s got the word urban in it, right,” Trump asked, “and when we think of urban we think of people of a certain…type, right? You know they all smoke marihuana cigarrettes and their women are Jezebels, strong sexual appetites, know what I mean?”

Still, the reporters weren’t quite understanding what Mr. Trump was getting at. He dug in even further.

“C’mon people, follow me here,” Trump implored them, “the job has the word urban in it, he’s an urban. You know, an URBAN. Like, his people are incapable of self-care and sink into lunacy under the burden of freedom.”

Looking puzzled, members of the press pool still couldn’t quite understand what Trump’s meaning was. They pushed for more clarity. Growing ever more flustered, Mr. Trump tried to oblige.

“You know, he could be a minstrel,” Trump offered, “he’s a good song and dance man, get it? Like, he’s not going to go swimming any time soon, no matter how long ago he ate. Get it now? Huh?”

After fifteen more minutes of trying to get the reporters assembled there to understand him, Trump finally gave up. He dug into his pocket, and got out some black shoe polish. He also got out a large rag and started smearing the polish all over his face, except around his eyes and mouth, there he left his trademark orange skin intact. He began singing.

“Everything seems lovely when you start to roam,” Trump sang out, continuing, “The birds are singin’, the day that you stray. But wait until you are further away. Things won’t be so lovely when you’re all alone. Here’s what you’ll keep saying when you’re far from home. Mammy, Mammy. The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where the sun shines best.”

The media simply grew quiet, their jaws agape.

“Mammy, my little Mammy,” Trump forged on, “My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. I’m comin’, sorry that I made you wait. I’m comin’, hope and trust that I’m not late, oh oh.
Mammy, my little Mammy. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles. My Mammy, oh oh.”

No one knew what to do, or what to say. So they just kept taking notes as Trump sang on.

“Mammy, my little Mammy,” Mr. Trump bellowed forth, “The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where, I know where the sun shines best. It’s on my Mammy I’m talkin’ about, nobody else’s. My little Mammy. My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’. I, I hope I didn’t make you wait.”

Now, it seemed that trump was building a crescendo. He was clearly ready to bring it all home. The reporters still just watched in stunned amazement.

“Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’,” Trump sang, “Oh God I, I hope I’m not late. Mammy look at me. Don’t you know me? I’m your little baby. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles
My Mammy!”

A report from NPR shows that Trump lost the popular vote by a margin of two million votes to Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton.

President-Elect Donald J. Trump has reportedly assured NJ Governor Chris Christie that, despite recent reports, he has not been banished from his inner circle, and will nominate the Bridgegate behemoth to the Supreme Food Court.

“Mr. Trump decided it would be humorous to have his little “Christie Kreme” (his new Secret Service name, according to insiders) around, so he created the special position just for him,” says Trump’s longtime attorney/bankruptcy expert, David Friedman.

In selecting Christie, 54, The Donald will be bringing in a “yes, I’ll have another” man that won’t clash with his own oversize, portly ego. “I think Mr. Trump wants Christie around just so he can humiliate him,” said Trump’s chief financial officer, Allen Weisselberg, “and he knows he’ll do whatever he says, whenever he says to do it.”

Despite rumblings of a massive falling out between the two, those closest to the president-elect say otherwise.

Jared Kushner, the husband of Trump’s daughter Ivanka, said a Christie nomination would be a wise one, and would produce instant results. “Mr. Christie’s transition from the gravy train to the Trump train was seamless,” he said. “I think he would shake things up and make an enormous impact.”

Stephen Miller, who played a crucial role in Trump’s campaign, including drafting his acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, says Christie has a “gargantuan-sized heart” and is “the perfect fit” for the new court.

“Governor Christie is not only ‘pro-life’, but he understands the birthing process better than anyone I know,” Miller said, “and as far as the 2nd Amendment is concerned, I’ve seen that guy conceal a .30-06 in the crease of his back fat. Trust me, there’s nothing to worry about.” Miller joked that Christie loves and supports the NRA almost as much as KFC. “He will step up to the plate, that’s for damn sure.”

While often referred to as the “butterball” of the “Grand Old Party Sub,” it appears Mr. Christie’s nomination to the Supreme Food Court is already a foregone conclusion.

Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb.
According to Dutch police, a crazed man detonated a devastating photobomb on an unsuspecting newlywed couple visiting Amsterdam on their honeymoon.

The couple, John and Maggie Hillard from Manistique, Michigan, was taking a tour of the city Tuesday afternoon and taking pictures when a man suddenly appeared out of nowhere and shouted “Allahu Akbar!” (God is Great) before photobombing what would have been a very nice picture of the beautiful Amstel River.

Netherlands Prime Minister Mark Rutte was on holiday in the south of France but returned immediately for an emergency meeting with the country’s National Security Council.

“I condemn any and all photobombing,” the prime minister said. “Thoughts are with the victims of this heinous attack. We have the suspect in custody and are monitoring the situation closely.”

“Initial indications very clearly point towards terrorism,” he told the Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf.

While Mr. Hillard escaped unharmed, his wife Maggie was treated and released for minor emotional distress. It is currently unknown if the couple plan to pursue charges.

The suspect, Amir Fahdi, 39, told investigators that he too was visiting Amsterdam as a tourist and was just asking the newlyweds for directions. “We’re looking into his claims,” said lead investigator, Martyn Verhoeven.

Records show Mr. Fahdi was recently questioned by FBI officials in the U.S. after he allegedly launched a cyber attack that left an acquaintance’s inbox destroyed.

Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters.
The Fox Valley Mall has come under fire (pun intended) for an ad placed in Sunday’s Press Gazette newspaper offering a mall-wide 10% discount to all “non-active shooters” during the month of October. This comes amid a spate of mall attacks throughout the U.S., leaving many area shoppers and victim advocacy groups wondering how such a tasteless joke could ever make its way into print.

A spokesperson for the Fox Valley Mall told local reporters they had no knowledge of the ad and said an investigation is underway to determine where it may have originated from. However, the mall will still honor the 10% discount as advertised.
“Oh that’s a load of horsesh*t,” said a Fox Valley Mall employee who asked to remain anonymous. “There’s no way that ad just magically appeared in the Sunday paper,” he said, “this is the new age of viral marketing. Better get used to it.” The employee said the sleazy ad fits the mall owners M.O. perfectly. “They knew it would create a stir and get people talking, and that is exactly what’s happened.”

Roger Holloway, founder of the victim’s rights advocacy group Triggerz, agrees. “It’s that mentality that says anything is fair game in the name of profits. Hell, I wouldn’t put it past some of these shop owners to stage some sort of false flag attack to get the registers ringing again.”

Mr. Holloway says big chain stores like Starbucks are banking on the annual ‘War on Christmas’ hysteria to widen their year end profit margins. “They know that holiday cup and all the make-believe controversy that comes along with it is the key to their quarter’s earnings,” he said, “thank God for idiots who get offended year after year after year over a coffee cup eh?”

All calls to the investment group that owns the Fox Valley Mall have not been returned as of press time.
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton.
A new survey released today from the Make Michigan Great Again PAC shows that residents across the state rated Flint tap water higher on the ‘Trustworthiness’ scale than democratic nominee for President, Hillary Rodham Clinton.

In the ‘Most Trustworthy’ category, Hillary scored a dismal 14% among active registered voters while Flint tap water scored a surprising 49%.


While the final tallies were a shock to many residents, MI Governor Rick Snyder isn’t surprised at all. “Well, what do you expect?” laughed Synder, “unlike the tap water in Flint, the folks here in Michigan can see right through that woman.”

Governor Snyder isn’t buying in to all the what he called “Hysterical hoopla” surrounding Flint’s water crisis, adding, “A lot of folks in Flint like to blame all of their problems on the water. We have a name for those types of people,” Snyder takes a pause for dramatic effect, “democrats.”

Photo by timquijano (CC BY 2.0) 
Photo by timquijano (CC BY 2.0)
Oakland County resident Stanley Taylor agrees with the governor. “At some point you have to stop blaming the water for the fact your kids are dumb and lazy.” Asked if he was surprised by the survey results, Stan replied, “I would trust a fart after a Taco Bell run more than I’d ever trust Crooked Hillary.”

Past findings from the Make Michigan Great Again PAC were also critical of Mrs. Clinton’s trustworthiness. “Hillary’s lies affects children’s brain development resulting in reduced intelligence quotient (IQ), behavioral changes such as shortening of attention span, increased antisocial behavior, and reduced educational attainment. Exposure to Hillary’s falsehoods can also cause anemia, hypertension, renal impairment, immunotoxicity and toxicity to reproductive organs. The neurological and behavioral effects of Clinton’s lies are believed to be irreversible.”

03252017Headline:
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME CRIME MAN SHOUTS ‘ALLAHU AKBAR’ BEFORE BLOWING UP FRIEND’S INBOX
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Posted about 8 months ago | 0 comment
 294
Email
Photo by Matthew G via Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Photo by Matthew G via Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
De Pere, WI – A Wisconsin man is resting comfortably after an explosion rocked his inbox late Saturday afternoon. The blast occurred at approximately 4:45 pm leaving the victim, Anthony Stewart, 41, physically fine but emotionally drained. “The toll is a heavy one,” said a chaplain visiting the home.


A spokesperson for the Brown County Sheriff’s Department told the Green Bay Gazette that Amir Fahdi, 39, was questioned and released after multiple witnesses said he shouted “Allahu Akbar!” (God is Great) before launching the cyber attack outside a De Pere thrift shop.

Anthony said the onslaught began with a barrage of Facebook comments and soon erupted into a full-on mind fuck of emails, text messages, and gaming requests. “I barley know the guy,” said a shaken Stewart. “I updated my Facebook status with a Nirvana video and he became unhinged.”

Nirvana ticket posted to Mr. Stewart's Facebook page (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Nirvana ticket stub posted to Mr. Stewart’s Facebook by Fahdi (CC BY-SA 2.0)
“The motivation behind the assault has not yet been determined,” said Chad Manning, a spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Investigation. “We are exploring all possibilities of a potential motive,” he said.

Amir blew up Anthony’s Facebook page with practically a novella’s worth of comments about seeing Nirvana play live in the early nineties and even claimed to have hung out with the band in Madison, WI, while they recorded demo tracks for their mega-smash Nevermind album. “You could tell he was full of shit, but instead of calling him out I just typed ‘wow’ and ‘awesome’ hoping he’d get the hint and leave me alone,” Stewart said, “big mistake on my part.”

News of the explosion was reported by media organizations such as Breitbart, Infowars, and Fox News. A tweet Sunday morning from Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker said: “I am deeply troubled by the bombing in De Pere. These stories cannot be swept under the rug #WIBombing.”


After several failed attempts to dodge Fahdi, a desperate Stewart told Amir he had to go care for his two-year-old son who may be coming down with a cold. “He wanted to come to my fucking house and treat him with homemade cold remedies. I was flabbergasted.”

It was then that Anthony checked his email account and discovered over 30 “ultra-rare” Nirvana MP3s had flooded his inbox. “This guy has serious issues,” said Stewart, “he may be radicalized.”

Brown County Deputy Daniel Benning said the public is not in danger and suggests that if anyone has any problems with Mr. Fahdi to simply ‘unfriend’ him and move on.



Tags: #AllahuAkbar, #MuslimLivesMatter, #Trumptrain, #WIBombing, Allahu Akbar, Breitbart, Brown County, counter terrorism, cyber attack, Daesh, De Pere, Facebook, FBI, federal bureau of investigation, FOX News, Green Bay, Infowars, isis, Islam, Madison Wisconsin, Madtown, Muslim, Muslim American, Nevermind, nirvana, Radical Islam, radicalization, radicalized, Scott Walker, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson is a pioneer in the field of mobile journalism. Logging millions of miles in his heavily modified Volkswagen Bug camper, Shane has dedicated his life to going wherever the story takes him. When not boondocking across the U.S. & Canada, Shane calls Green Bay, WI, home.
View all posts by Shane Paulson →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 



03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME GREATEST HITS ‘WOUNDED SOCIAL JUSTICE WARRIOR PROJECT’ REBUILDS HOPE; SENSE OF PURPOSE
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Posted about 9 months ago | 0 comment
 313
Email
Photo by Chase Carter Creative Commons Attribution-No Dirivs 2.0 Generic )CC BY-ND 2.0)
Photo by Chase Carter via Flickr (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Prudence Bradley, 19, found it difficult to put into words what she experienced during her days as a social justice warrior. She didn’t have to. The way the slightly overweight feminist apologetically paused, fought back tears, and forced out a simple, “Stuff happened there,” told the story of the pain she’s been carrying since she first started fighting for gender equality almost two years ago.


Bradley’s troubles reached an apex the day she organized an anti-Donald Trump rally in Lubbock, Texas. Prudence and a group of fellow UW-M students made the long trek from Madison, WI, to protest Trump’s treatment of women in the Lone Star State.

Almost an hour into their protest, a man wearing a Make America Great Again hat and confederate flag suspenders approached her and screamed “fat feminazi f*ck pig” right to her face. For Mrs. Bradley, it was like being shot point blank in the face with a high-capacity assault weapon.

“I was in a state of total shock,” said Bradley, “I couldn’t feel my legs and thought I may have been paralyzed.” After being treated at a local medical facility for minor emotional distress, Prudence caught the first flight back home to seek a second opinion.

“Prudence was showing all the classic symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD,” said Dr. Liam Williams, Bradley’s family doctor in Madison. “Re-experiencing the trauma through intrusive and distressing recollections of the event, flashbacks, and nightmares are just some of Mrs. Bradley’s symptoms,” warned the doctor. “Prudence was also showing extreme emotional numbness that puts her in a very dangerous category of PTSD. It’s very important she start a treatment program immediately.”

The Bradley family researched treatment facilities across the country, hoping to find a program that would give their daughter the best overall chance at a full recovery. After almost a month of searching, the family were losing hope until an email from a wounded slacktivist suggested they call the Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project® in Portland, Oregon.


The program, often referred to by the acronym WSJWP, provides personalized care, services, and advocacy to seriously wounded social justice warriors—including those who have suffered post traumatic stress disorder and other medical health conditions.

Besides adaptive and rehabilitative programs and caregiver support, the WSJWP also provides mentorship to recovering activists, an employment and career readiness program, and financial assistance for those who have suffered or aggravated an injury or illness and need help with daily living activities so they can avoid being hospitalized or put in an outpatient care facility.

For Prudence, the WSJWP has been a blessing. After a difficult and challenging three months in the program, Mrs. Bradley is starting to feel whole again, and is even looking forward to rejoining her fellow moonbats in time to protest the Republican National Convention next month in Cleveland, Ohio.

“I’ll be back,” said Mrs. Bradley with a new found sense of confidence. “I refuse to let these misogynists have the last laugh. This time I’ll be ready for them.” Prudence praises the WSJWP for giving her a second chance, not only at life, but a new sense of purpose to fight for social and economic justice. “This is my passion and I will never give up, ever.”

About the Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project®
The mission of the Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project® is to honor and empower our wounded heroes. Its purpose is to raise awareness of injured social activists, to help find them aid, and to provide unique, direct programs and services to help them continue with their activism. WSJWP is a national, nonpartisan organization headquartered in Portland, Oregon.


Tags: #makeamericagreatagain, #RNCConvention, #Trumptrain, anti-Trump, anti-Trump rally, Cleveland, confederate flag, Donald Trump, Feminazi, high-capacity assault weapon, Liberal, Lubbock Texas, Madison, Madison Wisconsin, Misogyny, moonbats, Portland Oregon, Post traumatic stress disorder, PTSD, Republican National Convention, slacktivist, Social Justice, social justice warrior, Texas, The Lone Star State, The Wounded Warrior Project, UWM, Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project, wounded social justice warriors, WSJWP, WWP
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson is a pioneer in the field of mobile journalism. Logging millions of miles in his heavily modified Volkswagen Bug camper, Shane has dedicated his life to going wherever the story takes him. When not boondocking across the U.S. & Canada, Shane calls Green Bay, WI, home.
View all posts by Shane Paulson →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 



03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME GREATEST HITS CANADA OFFERS TO BUILD WALL AROUND BRISTOL PALIN’S VAGINAL CAVITY
Canada Offers to Build Wall Around Bristol Palin’s Vaginal Cavity
Posted about 1 year ago | 3 comments
 1069
Email
Photo by Gage Skidmore Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Photo by Gage Skidmore Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 2.0)
TORONTO – A northern firestorm erupted earlier today when an off-the-record comment made by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was leaked to the outside press. During an interview with the CBC Thursday morning, Trudeau made what some are calling an inappropriate joke about Bristol Palin while being asked about Republican Presidential front runner Donald Trump’s plan to build a wall along the Mexican border.

“I suppose Canada could build a wall around Bristol Palin’s vaginal cavity, but is that really going to stop Canadians from entering? I highly doubt it,” said Trudeau. Playing along, the interviewer asked who would pay for such a wall, with the PM adding, “How about all the fools who paid her six figures for an abstinence speech?”

A transcript of the interview was leaked to several independent media outlets, leading to an intern with CBC being fired. Trudeau’s spokesperson promptly issued an apology, stating: “The Prime Minister regrets making that analogy, and now realizes it was in poor taste. Mr. Trudeau has reached out to the Palin family to personally apologize.”

Bristol’s mother, former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin, was quick to fire back at Trudeau via Twitter: “Thought you liberals were against slut shaming? Maybe a Canadian wall is not a bad idea. New PM is a vile looser [sic]! Boycott!!!

via Twitter
via Twitter
This is not the first time the Alaskardashians and Mr. Trudeau have crossed each other on social media. Last year when Trudeau became the second-youngest Prime Minister of Canada, Sarah blasted her neighbors of the north for electing what she called a “Liberal nightmare.” Trudeau shot back accusing Palin of being “One Brady short of a bunch,” and “a prime example why Americans need access to mental health care.”

Bristol Palin has taken online jabs at the PM on everything from accepting Syrian refugees to marijuana to abortion, even once poking fun at Trudeau for self identifying as a feminist.

However, Bristol hasn’t always been a such a harsh critic of Trudeau, once tweeting he was “smokin’ hot!” and “would ride his fuck rod” after a Twitter follower sent her a video of him stripping for charity. When pointed out the stripper’s identity, Bristol deleted the video, presumably embarrassed by the gaffe.

Tags: #bunglecunt, #Palinism, #SarahPalin, #trump, Abortion, abstinence, Alaska, Alaskardashians, bristol palin, Canada, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Canadian wall, cbc, Donald Trump, Facebook, feminism, Feminist, Justin Trudeau, Mexican wall, Ontario, Sarah Palin, syrian refugees, Toronto, Twitter, wasilla
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson is a pioneer in the field of mobile journalism. Logging millions of miles in his heavily modified Volkswagen Bug camper, Shane has dedicated his life to going wherever the story takes him. When not boondocking across the U.S. & Canada, Shane calls Green Bay, WI, home.
View all posts by Shane Paulson →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
3 Responses to "Canada Offers to Build Wall Around Bristol Palin’s Vaginal Cavity"

Lee Welter
March 11, 2016 at 1:18 pm
I like onions and the “ONION”: this is a good one!
Reply

john
March 15, 2016 at 9:58 am
They need to just euthanize the entire palin family.
Reply

john Clark
November 17, 2016 at 12:06 pm
very creative.
Reply
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 



03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME GREATEST HITS SARAH PALIN BANS MUSLIMS FROM ENTERING BRISTOL PALIN
Sarah Palin Bans Muslims from Entering Bristol Palin
Posted about 1 year ago | 57 comments
 61.3K
Email
 

(AP Photo/Cliff Owen)
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen)
Wasilla, AK – Conservative superstar Sarah Palin says she supports Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump’s call for a ban on admitting Muslims into the United States, stating she once put a similar ban in place while she was governor of Alaska.

“As governor of Alaska, I banned Muslims from entering my daughter Bristol, and that ban is still enforced to this day,” Palin said. “Your first instinct as a parent is to protect your children, and that is what Donald Trump is trying to do, protect America from Muslim jihadists.”

Trump’s call for a “total and complete shutdown” on admitting Muslims in the U.S. drew condemnation from Republican opponents as well as Democrats. Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle criticized the plan as impractical and unconstitutional.

Speaking with the Christian Broadcast Network (CBN) to promote her latest book ‘Sweet Freedom: A Devotional’, Palin spoke on a wide range of topics including Donald Trump, being fired from Fox News, and her daughter Bristol’s passion for wild, unprotected sex.

The former Fox News commentator opened up for the first time on why she was suddenly, and without warning, fired from the popular news network. “It was a shock, you betcha. I know why it happened. I called someone out, and this someone was not happy about it, which I go into further detail in my book,” Palin said.

A source close to Fox said this “someone” is Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly. Palin criticized the media (Fox) for exploiting the Duggar girls after their brother Josh Duggar was exposed as a child predator. The unnamed source also claims Palin was “a nightmare to work with” and was often “paranoid that everyone had an agenda against her.” The source adds that Palin “was rude and a diva, and thought that everyone else paled in comparison to her intelligence and savvy.”

Bristol is also back in the news after she urged college kids to start bringing guns with them to class. “Bristol is full of energy and spunk,” Palin added, “she’s always willing to try new things.”

Sweet Freedom: A Devotional is available here. 

Tags: #duggarfamily, #JoshDuggar, #MuslimLivesMatter, #trump, Alaska, bristol palin, christian broadcast network, Donald Trump, Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, FOX News, isis, islamic terrorists, Megyn Kelly, Muslim, Radical Islam, Sarah Palin, terrorism, wasilla
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson is a pioneer in the field of mobile journalism. Logging millions of miles in his heavily modified Volkswagen Bug camper, Shane has dedicated his life to going wherever the story takes him. When not boondocking across the U.S. & Canada, Shane calls Green Bay, WI, home.
View all posts by Shane Paulson →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
57 Responses to "Sarah Palin Bans Muslims from Entering Bristol Palin"

Al Rotundo.
December 10, 2015 at 7:52 am
THAT’s low. Imsorry, but as a father, that really offends me.
Reply

brian buckley
December 10, 2015 at 10:40 pm
you are offended? get in line….90% of Americans are “offended” about something. You needn’t be offended, unless like Palin, you have a cum guzzling slut for a daughter which i doubt you have. You raised her to be a proper young lady. Palin here, raised a slut..no im wrong, a hypocritical slut. that’s better.
Reply

Patricia Steward
January 5, 2016 at 10:42 am
Brian
I never thought in any way wood I take the side of Ms. Palin (who I have personally debated) but your post is as offensive and sexist as it gets, really disgusting you are creepy
Reply

Bill Clement
July 11, 2016 at 9:08 am
I “wood” have loved to see that debate, LOL! Talk about a meeting of the minds!
Reply

Will Brown
July 14, 2016 at 7:52 pm
Bill i was just thinking the same exact thing. My guess is the debate involved talking to her TV

MamaM
December 11, 2015 at 7:16 am
As a single mother i find it HILARIOUS! This woman and her bastard producing daughter need to go away! Their the biggest hypocrites in the world! Telling girls to be abstinent while pregnant with not one but two babies out of wedlock??? Oh fuck no! That girl has seen more dick then Bewitched!
Reply

2funny
December 11, 2015 at 1:14 pm
OMG – that is funny stuff, mamaM!
Reply

Patricia Steward
January 5, 2016 at 10:43 am
Once again MamaM you are offensive and sexist please stop
Reply

MsJoanne
January 5, 2016 at 11:54 am
Hardly sexist. Definitely offensively funny. And well deserved.
Reply

David
July 12, 2016 at 8:27 pm
Patricia, it may be offensive but it doesn’t mean it’s not true. Palin’s a brain dead whacko and her daughter is a major hypocrite and something of a thug. They’re themselves are pretty offensive.
Reply

Betty Schwartz
July 14, 2016 at 9:04 am
Patricia Steward, give it up. People such as these will never stop being base and low. They are probably uneducated and have been raised without a good role model.
Reply

noj
July 12, 2016 at 12:31 pm
So you think if she had as many di*ks sticking out of her as she had sticking in, she would look like a porcupine
Reply

Betty Schwartz
July 14, 2016 at 9:12 am
Please use proper language when saying rude and crude things about people you don’t know. The word ‘their’ in the above sentence is not correct. The word you want to use is ‘they’re’, which is the contraction for ‘they are.’ In your last disgusting sentence, the word ‘then’ is incorrect. ‘Then’ is used to designate time. You want the word ‘than’ which is used to make a comparison.
Reply

Edith D. Thurman
November 20, 2016 at 10:52 am
LMAO oh thank you! Finally a bit of truth in an otherwise truth less article! Her and her tramp daughter need to disappear! She thinks she’s so intelligent but the ignorant arse believes we walked around with dinosaurs 6 thousands years ago! Talk about idiotic!
Reply

jen1jen
November 21, 2016 at 10:43 am
*they’re*
Reply

Dr. P. Ness
December 11, 2015 at 7:33 am
I’m sorry but, as a father, your lack of a sense of humor offends me.
Reply

Heffy
December 11, 2015 at 9:56 am
Hahaha high fives Doc P
Reply

Tom Lang
December 11, 2015 at 10:21 am
Offended!! You should just be glad that yer not Bristols father !!
Reply

MsJoabbe
December 11, 2015 at 4:06 pm
Or Bristol’s baby-father.
Reply

J. Sonix
July 13, 2016 at 12:31 pm
Don’t be too sure… Ya just never know with THAT family.
Reply

thornhillsouthguy
December 12, 2015 at 12:29 am
Why in the world woudl it offend YOU? I woudl be offended if I were a Muslim, or presumed to be interested in sleeping with Bristol. I thought this was a gag but I’m not so sure.
Reply

Pete
December 12, 2015 at 1:14 pm
Al, buddy how should I say this gently? Tough sh!t.
Reply

MuslimsarePIGS
December 20, 2015 at 12:30 am
offended? Very well be
Reply

Rick Rosio
July 9, 2016 at 9:22 am
get a life…. this is called satire
Reply

Your Mom
November 17, 2016 at 11:20 am
Shut up you little bitch lol, everyone has fucked your ugly daughter as well
Reply

spunky
December 10, 2015 at 8:25 am
I BET SHE IS FULL OF ALOT , INCLUDING “SPUNK” like her mom says
Reply

brian buckley
December 10, 2015 at 10:42 pm
i thought the very same thing… poor choice of words. But i bet Bristol is a champ just like her mom. Taught her well about swallowing. But only if she had swallowed, she wouldnt be with TWO babies from TWO different men.
Reply

Amando
December 10, 2015 at 10:09 am
The Palins are crazier than I originally thought.
Reply

Laughing
December 10, 2015 at 10:33 am
I truly am laughing. Her daughter is stubborn, her mamma might be banning it but she is so “Spunky” and willing to try anything that she will likely now seek to find a Muslim to enter her and OMG she will have a half Muslim grandbaby? Palin is one of the the stupidest broads, still can’t believe she ran to be the Vice President LOL
Reply

J. Sonix
July 13, 2016 at 12:35 pm
And why not??!? Look who we have running to be THE President!!
Reply

Wild
December 10, 2015 at 12:10 pm
Does this mean Bristol will not have sex with Muslims?
Reply

brian buckley
December 10, 2015 at 10:35 pm
that only rules out 1.5billion people. Bristol has plenty of others to get laid by.
Reply

MamaM
December 11, 2015 at 7:11 am
She’s not supposed to so you know she will! Her third bastard will be half Muslim because she hates them so much. Just like she hates unwed mothers… that aren’t her.
Reply

Elvis Erf
December 11, 2015 at 9:03 am
If Bristol cannot have sex with Muslims, that’s like closing the barn door after the cattle have escaped. Is there any Alaskan male that hasn’t had sex with Bristol?
Reply

MsJoanne
December 11, 2015 at 4:20 pm
Oh, I’m sure if you look ok (read white), sweet talk her some, casually mention marriage and you, too can be a Bristol baby-daddy.
Reply

Greek Irish American
December 10, 2015 at 12:15 pm
How about a Greek Irish American ? Let me know if its a go.
Reply

MamaM
December 11, 2015 at 7:14 am
You’d do Bristol? Ew you can do better then that!
Reply

Rachel
December 10, 2015 at 12:19 pm
Banned Muslims from her Daughter but didn’t even give her directions to the condoms at the nearest drug store? SMDH!~
Reply

Michael N. Marcus
December 10, 2015 at 12:34 pm
However, Bristol is willing to admit a maximum of three Muslims at one time.
Reply

OhioMan
December 10, 2015 at 1:48 pm
She needs to stick that finger the same hole Donald sticks his..
Reply

Texdakota
December 10, 2015 at 3:54 pm
I did not want to laugh at this, but I just couldn’t help myself.
Reply

Robert Hartl
December 10, 2015 at 4:59 pm
I find it ironic that Sarah has prohibited her daughter from being entered by a Muslim as though she had any say in her choice of lovers. I’ll bet Sarah’s mother had a similar prohibition but that didn’t stop Sarah from bedding down with Glen Rice of University of Michigan stardom. Sarah’s probably having a hard time with that south of the Mason-Dixie line, but instead of turning into a racist she should remember that Glen was just a human like Sarah and Bristol. That’s the real lesson here.
Reply

John williams
December 10, 2015 at 7:15 pm
Who came up with tha t gf only shit?
Reply

Blake
December 10, 2015 at 7:38 pm
Doesnt Sarah Palin know that Muslims are forbidden from touching pork?
Reply

Warren I
December 10, 2015 at 9:12 pm
I bet crystal is full of boy spunk. I am sure she wouldn’t tell her mom if a muslim entered her.
Reply

Bewilderfused
December 10, 2015 at 9:21 pm
Is this genuine?
Reply

Bewilderfused
December 10, 2015 at 9:23 pm
Just noticed a few related headlines, it’s sadly not genuine, but it had me fooled for all of about 45 seconds, lol.
Reply

dzadzey
December 11, 2015 at 4:34 am
Too late, everyone else has been there.
Reply

Deterred Martyr
December 11, 2015 at 5:25 am
If Bristol Palin is one of those virgins awaiting to reward true believers in Allah’s Paradise, that alone should be enough to deter even the most determined suicide bomber.
Reply

William J Urmson
December 11, 2015 at 5:41 am
I think Sarah would be very surprised to know who’s immigrated to the southern parts of Bristol~ WJU
https://www.reverbnation.com/williamjurmson/song/21278353-the-sarah-palin-smackdown
Reply

Rich
December 11, 2015 at 5:44 pm
How many future grandchildren could that cost her? Haha funny shit!
Sarah: the gift that just keeps giving!
Reply

Jim Falato
December 11, 2015 at 8:34 pm
My solution to the Muslim Immigration Concerns is simple:
Stop ALL IMMIGRATION INTO THE USA
It’s Constitutionally Allowable… It Offends NO SINGLE PERSON, RELIGION, NATIONALITY…
It protects EVERYONE ANYONE WANTS TO PROTECT FROM ENTERING THRU A FOREIGN NATION (Legally)…
Reply

vee
December 11, 2015 at 11:07 pm
Pure garbage, don’t believe a word of this, Worse than Fox news way worse.
Reply

Crisp
December 12, 2015 at 9:48 am
Sarah Palin just said her daughter was full of spunk? Nice.
Reply

FurryFeathers
December 13, 2015 at 6:43 am
It’s a slightly funny article, but the comments are disturbing. Yes, it’s ironic that Bristol Palin is still talking about abstinence, given that she’s had her second child out of wedlock, presumably from two different people, but being raised by Sarah Palin you probably couldn’t help but be an idiot. But all the slutshaming! She’s had everybody in Alaska, she’ll take three at a time… there is nothing to indicate that she’s done anything other than had a normal sex life, that has been prohibited by her fucktard mother. Why would one want to go to the extent of calling her pig, calling her the biggest slut in America, why go that far? Isn’t the actual truth ironic and tragic and funny enough?
Reply

Wayne
December 13, 2015 at 11:03 am
The daughter is just like the mother. Sarah had an affair with basketball player Glen Rice and her future husband’s business partner Brad Henson. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2037211/Sarah-Palin-took-cocaine-affairs-Glen-Rice-husbands-business-partner.html
Reply

Geno
July 8, 2016 at 10:58 pm
“She’s full of spunk.” Yeah, but none of it is her own!
Reply
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS
03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME ENTERTAINMENT MILLIONS MOURN AS ROCKER/ACTIVIST TED NUGENT, AGE 68, FOUND ALIVE
Millions Mourn As Rocker/Activist Ted Nugent, Age 68, Found Alive
Posted about 2 years ago | 103 comments
 425KTweet
Email
 (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)
(AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)
Millions of Americans are in mourning after news broke this afternoon that rocker/activist Ted Nugent was still alive. Word broke early, spread quickly, and sent shock waves throughout the rock and roll community and the Republican Party, where Nugent, 68, is well-known for his fierce advocacy for conservative causes, unwavering support for the rights of gun owners and hunters, and ferocious loyalty and devotion to today’s true American patriots. The National Rifle Association issued the following statement:

Ted Nugent has proudly and patriotically served on the NRA’s board of directors since 1995. The Association shares a deep sense of shock with our 4.5 million members and countless millions of supporters as details of this catastrophic event continue to unfold.

PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals), one of several organizations Nugent violently criticized in the past, also issued a statement expressing condolences.




Originally from Detroit, Michigan, Nugent initially found fame as lead guitarist for The Amboy Dukes before embarking on a solo career. Highlights from Nugent’s life include a 1977 interview appearing in High Times magazine, in which he famously told a reporter how he avoided the [Viet Nam War] draft: he did not bathe, brush his teeth, or shave for 30 days leading up to his pre-induction physical. To sweeten the pot, he also defecated in his pants. “I was so proud,” Nugent recalled. In later years he denied those accounts, saying he made up the story to trick the gullible reporter. That same year, Nugent’s song Cat Scratch Fever dominated the rock and roll charts.

President Obama, the target of many of Nugent’s negative comments, reportedly expressed astonishment when informed during a cabinet meeting that Nugent had lived another day. During the White House’s daily media briefing, Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz informed the assembled press corps that the President asked members of his cabinet to join him in a moment of silence to acknowledge Nugent’s survival.

Throughout Detroit and surrounding suburbs, fans both old and new erected makeshift tributes to the rocker, lighting candles, singing songs, and leaving cards and ticket stubs from many of Nugent’s concerts as testimonials to a life still lived.

Ted Nugent, 1948 –







Tags: #CecilTheLion, #motorcitymadman, ammo, Cecil, conservative, Draft Dodger, Gun Rights, Guns, motor city madman, NRA, Patriots, pedophile, PETA, Sarah Palin, subhuman mongrel, tcot, Tea Party, Ted Nugent
Alexander Crouton-Skitch
Alexander Crouton-Skitch
Originally from the Langerhans Islets, Alexander Crouton-Skitch practices journalism with what he calls "a motivational surgeon's scalpel." As co-founder and charter member of the Longines Symphonette Society, he is proud to be internationally recognized as its President Emeritus.
View all posts by Alexander Crouton-Skitch →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Trump University Offers Sarah Palin Honorary Degree in Climate Science
103 Responses to "Millions Mourn As Rocker/Activist Ted Nugent, Age 68, Found Alive"

Alexandra
February 19, 2015 at 8:36 pm
Dang-it!
Reply

Greg Reed
April 22, 2016 at 10:24 pm
Draft-dodging coward and serial child rapist. A true anti-patriot of America…like most conservatives.
Reply

smorty
December 27, 2016 at 6:27 am
Greg,
You are fucked up in the head.
Reply

Lana
December 28, 2016 at 11:44 am
Thank you Greg! Agreed 100%
Reply

Luke
December 27, 2016 at 9:38 am
And when did you serve… You believe anything written by Liberals.
Reply

Phred Zinowitcz
December 27, 2016 at 5:03 pm
I served, and am still serving in a war zone. And, I’m as liberal as anyone can be. So take your self-righteous attitude and shove it.
Reply

Eric
December 28, 2016 at 12:44 pm
Spoken like a typical lying liberal. Have you no shame pretending to be in the military?

Jebjshop
December 27, 2016 at 11:19 pm
Sure Luke. They’re called facts. Try em sometime, you’ll hate em!
Reply

DamnRebel
December 27, 2016 at 10:41 am
Exactly right, Greg. Republicans sure like starting wars—as long as they and their children don’t have to go fight. Just another hypocritical chicken hawk, who only takes up arms against defenseless animals. I’m a hunter and gun owner, don’t get me wrong, but he is exactly the type who gives the rest of us a bad name. A TRUE DEPLORABLE. And the comments by some others here only confirm that.
The fact that George Michael and Carrie Fisher are dead, while he is still alive, just proves that there sure isn’t any wise, just god ruling this sh*tshow of a universe.
Reply

Shane McIntosh
December 27, 2016 at 9:38 pm
Seriously butt munch? I’m a proud veteran and a republican conservative. I served my country honorably and proudly! Who are you to lump all into one.
You don’t have to like nugent. But fk you if your going to judge all. Typical fkn liberal, go high and think you are better than others. Label and judge anyone who doesn’t agree with you. Here is an article for you from a liberal newspaper.
Just some quick facts 44% of military are republican. 37 % are democratic.
And currently republicans are 2 to 1 in joining. Now go suck one dipshit
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/the-few-republicans-join-military-2-to-1-over-democrats/article/2578367#!
Reply

paul
December 28, 2016 at 6:09 am
lol @ “butt munch” — you’re aware the washington examiner is a phony conservative tabloid, correct? notice how there are no sources to these so called “figures”?
a liberal newspaper my ass — just because it’s from DC?

EARTHLING
December 27, 2016 at 10:44 pm
Ted did in FACT avoided the draft. Nugent dodging the draft didn’t come out of thin air; Nugent himself reportedly attested to the act during a 1977 interview with High Times. During a 2006 interview with the U.K.’s Independent, Nugent denied the whole story, saying, “You’ve got to realize that these interviewers would arrive with glazed eyes and I would make stories up. I never did crystal meth. And I never pooped my pants.” He also claimed in the interview that a student deferment got him out of the draft. Another crock by Nugent, yet he was always good with BS just like Trump. LIARS & Cowards. Research does show that in fact that the NRA firearm advocate did have a student deferment, but he was ultimately rejected from military service in 1969 as a RESULT of a physical examination. The story on this is partly just BS and Nugent isn’t dead YET but there’s still a lot of truth being said too. At age 18, Nugent was a COWARD and yet he was killing animals even as a child. Yet one thing’s certain, Ted Nugent is having health issues at the age of 68 as of December 13th and he’s also losing his hair faster then ever these days too. Yet at least he still has his fake teeth. Bottom line regarding Nugent is he’s always been a coward and even laughs with pleasure of causing suffering to animals and that makes him a psychopath.
Reply

Anti-liberal
December 28, 2016 at 3:15 pm
I thought liberals were against vietnam…oh, except when it suits you to bash a Republican. I see how it works now.

dom
December 27, 2016 at 2:43 pm
FAG
Reply

Jebjshop
December 27, 2016 at 11:17 pm
What a well thought out rebuttal dom. And people say cons are dumb!
Reply

Lana
December 28, 2016 at 11:44 am
Thank you Greg! Agreed 100%
Reply

rsgirl
December 29, 2016 at 9:01 am
I agree, he is pretentious and a child rapist.
Reply

Hope
December 29, 2016 at 4:15 pm
Agreed!
Reply

Zach W.
February 20, 2015 at 9:58 am
This article is as funny as getting kicked in the nuts.
Reply

BOORadley
February 20, 2015 at 7:41 pm
Have you seen those videos on the internet or on America’s Funniest Home Videos of people getting kicked in the nuts? They’re hilarious!
Reply

Mark
February 22, 2015 at 9:29 pm
that was a brilliant comment.
Reply

Bristol DTF
December 27, 2016 at 10:06 pm
LOL it was!!
Reply

WickedJ
April 20, 2015 at 6:53 pm
You sir, have won the internet with that comeback. Take the rest of the day off!
Reply

Snooze Hamilton
August 8, 2015 at 10:29 am
Five me Bro (hand up) ;0)
Reply

Ptaco
January 11, 2016 at 10:43 pm
Ow my balls! https://youtu.be/wAg1r6zw7Bg
Reply

beedogs
January 11, 2016 at 9:58 pm
lol, look who’s salty.
Reply

neon blade
February 20, 2015 at 5:42 pm
This news just broke my heart. Please say it aint so!
Reply
Cassidy Pen
Cassidy Pen
February 20, 2015 at 8:21 pm
I think I heard something about this mentioned at the most recent National Prayer Breakfast.
Reply

tomy kay
February 22, 2015 at 1:35 pm
Living the dream…Hats off to Ted. Pansy America has a problem with ya bro. I dont. You did what you love and still do.
Reply

Coco Brazil
July 30, 2015 at 2:00 pm
“You did what you love…” You mean underage girls, right?
Reply

kendra vanburkleo
August 8, 2015 at 1:30 pm
That’s it for today. There’s no topping that. Well done, sir. Well done.
Reply

Philip James
August 12, 2015 at 12:06 am
Hats off to Coco. RWNJ America has a problem with ya. I don’t.
Reply

Bill Homans
January 20, 2016 at 3:57 pm
Or shooting defenseless animals by ambush, right?
We are within the same year of age. I liked music and girls and drugs and all, but faced with a choice, I took the step forward and then volunteered for Vietnam. Now Ted is gungho for guns and war. He is a CHICKENHAWK, just like Bush, Cheney, and every current Republican candidate for President except MAYBE Rand Paul. Bleep him, the horse he rode in on, and its sire and dam.
Reply

Barry Bledsoe
April 22, 2016 at 10:53 am
Defenseless animals? You make it sound like it is a war between humans and animals! Animals are here for a reason. Part of the reason they are here is to provide US with food! And yes, Ted Nugent IS gungho for guns! Why? Because GOD gives us the right to protect ourselves, and provide food for ourselves. And the US Constitution guarantees those GOD given rights! So hurray for Ted Nugent and his passion for sticking up for his and our rights!
Reply

greg
April 22, 2016 at 6:19 pm
God didn’t give us the right you moron. The constitution does.

KSH
April 22, 2016 at 10:12 pm
Yeah,he had no problem being a scumbag that shit his pants to weasel out of going to Vietnam. What a POS!!!! But now that he’s older he’s gung-ho for war. My brother served in the army and went to Afghanistan and he is an embarrassment to the armed forces and the U.S.A.! Hope he chokes on a deer bone whil making his pig squeal!!!!! ? ? ? ? By the way,my husband thinks the same way!!!!!

SthrnGuy
April 23, 2016 at 8:06 pm
Obviously you failed civics 101. The U.S. was founded on the Constitution, not the Bible, idiot. We are a Democracy (or what’s left of one), not a Theocracy…Google them. It is our Constitutional right to own firearms, not a God given one.
Ted chickened out of his generation’s war in Vietnam, but runs his loud ass mouth about sending others into war to potentially be killed or maimed. He’s a “the buck stops over there” kind of weasel, just like most of his fellow right wing, war mongering nut jobs.
I say take his lunatic ass and drop him in theater in the middle of combat. Then he can shoot to his hearts content, and not just get to “play war”, but actually experience the trauma and extreme psychological damage war does to those who have actually been in combat, if he survives it.
He’s nothing but a loud mouthed, tough talking wussy who was too scared to put his life on the line for his country, and let others do it instead. He has zero credibility, everything that comes out of his mouth is bullshit, and his music sucked as well.

zelda
December 26, 2016 at 11:41 pm
Learn to read pandering cocksucker of “the nuge”. Bill said “ambush”, meaning yellowbelly coward teddie hides in his blind while his lackies drive his creature of choice into view and so he can proceed to blast the shit out of it. And if you know anything about hunting, he isn’t doing this out of a need for sustenance. It’s just as cowardly as shitting his pants, living in his feces and scum vomit from all the booze, meth and coke he was doing in order to avoid the draft and become the Great Chickenhawk of Michigan.

Roger
December 28, 2016 at 10:37 am
For all you that are saying this country wasn’t founded on the bible but the constitution, what do you think the constitution was framed after. This country is base on christian values always has been and always will be otherwise it will be the end of this country. Look at the past 8 years Obama tried to push Christian value out and the country is falling apart the worst it has ever been. Now get back to your whining.

TedFanBoy
April 23, 2016 at 5:59 am
Do you ever eat meat of any kind? If you do, you also kill defenseless animals. You just hire someone to do it for you.
Reply

zelda
December 26, 2016 at 11:42 pm
Learn to read you pandering cocksucker of “the nuge”. Bill said “ambush”, meaning yellowbelly coward teddie hides in his blind while his lackies drive his creature of choice into view and so he can proceed to blast the shit out of it. And if you know anything about hunting, he isn’t doing this out of a need for sustenance. It’s just as cowardly as shitting his pants, living in his feces and scum vomit from all the booze, meth and coke he was doing in order to avoid the draft and become the Great Chickenhawk of Michigan.

Roger
December 28, 2016 at 12:46 pm
Zelda do you consider the animals that are raise for meat to “ambushed by yellowbelly coward teddie hides (whatever that means)” hunting from a blind is a strategy that’s all and most hunters only use on shot. You sound like one of those PETA types that say one thing then do the other. I bet in one way or another you are responsible for the killing of “defenseless” animals pretty much on a daily basis.

Rob Colbert
December 28, 2016 at 4:07 am
Asking out of pure naive unawareness…what is this “underage girls” thing? Is there something about Ted I should know? I’m serious. Generally speaking, I appreciate his words about patriotism, etc., but find the rest of his arrogant presentation to be a little…lacking.
Is Ted Nugent guilty of actual statutory rape?
Reply

Jim Roberts
December 28, 2016 at 7:18 am
Well, he specifically wrote a song about wanting to have sex with 13 year olds. He also adopted a 17 year old girl so that he could have sex with her. I don’t know how you could consider him patriotic when he dodged the draft by crapping his pants, and then talked tough about how he could’ve fought in Vietnam while calling for others to put their lives on the line when he was too cowardly to do so himself. He’s also a pretty unabashed racist. It’s one thing to dislike our President, and another to refer to him as a “subhuman mongrel.”
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
December 28, 2016 at 9:04 am
Jim,
~
But he did do Stranglehold.

Robert Hastings
August 7, 2015 at 9:43 am
Avoiding the draft, then using that as a springboard to notoriety. Wow, what a patriot.
Reply

Snooze Hamilton
August 8, 2015 at 10:33 am
He does what he loves (being a ridiculously vitriolic frackjob), we do what we love (making fun of him for it). I don’t see a diff.
Reply

The Jimbot™
August 10, 2015 at 3:07 pm
Yes, he did what he loves and still do. By that, I mean he still shits his pants whenever he doesn’t want to man up.
Reply

Lynn Gant
April 22, 2016 at 7:37 am
LOL!
Reply

Terri
December 12, 2015 at 4:13 pm
Keep hating. It’s good for the country.
Reply

Carole Anderson
December 26, 2016 at 11:44 am
Idiot.
Reply

John
December 26, 2016 at 2:56 pm
You mean like shiting his self and walk walking around with it in his pants for a week to not go to Nam. Cause he loves that shit.
Reply

Gray Malkin
February 22, 2015 at 6:19 pm
I’m sure the news was a real blow to PETA loons, anti-Second Amendment types, pro-Illegal Immigration wack-jobs – heck, Liberal Socialist Democrats in general – everywhere.
Reply

Gary
April 22, 2015 at 12:05 pm
But great news for pedophiles everywhere- their patron saint is alive!
Reply

Reverend David
August 8, 2015 at 2:58 pm
Don’t forget the draft dodgers too. Ted was spectacular success at dodging the draft…
Reply

The Jimbot™
August 10, 2015 at 3:08 pm
And don’t forget pants shitters. Ted Nugent – Patron Saint of Pants Shitters!
Reply

Vivienne
April 22, 2016 at 8:21 am
There’s a patron saint for EVERYTHING these days!

KSH
April 22, 2016 at 10:14 pm
Yes!!!!!

Billy Grabarkowitz
May 11, 2015 at 4:56 am
You worship the absolute wrong type of person. A draft dodging, pedophile. Or maybe, that’s exactly what you admire. What a great American. I’ll bet your momma’s double-wide is rockin’ with pride.
Reply

Linda Martin
April 16, 2015 at 5:27 am
tomy kay : No need to brown nose him, he doesn’t know you exist anyway, and if he did, he’d probably want to shoot you, so stop defending the old bastard. He’s a has been, pedophile, no account. The only people who give a shit about him are his gun buddies…..and you. He’s a pathetic asshole.
Reply

LINDA BAIRD
August 5, 2015 at 5:34 pm
AMEN! A GIANT ASSHOLE! NO MORAL, NO CONCISE, WE COULD ONLY WISH HE WOULD DROP OFF THE FACE OF THE EARTH!
Reply

Maxie Grant
April 17, 2015 at 6:30 am
‘To sweeten the pot, he also defecated in his pants. “I was so proud,” Nugent recalled. ‘
That’s funny, because I used to characterize racists as people who shit their pants and expect everyone to applaud them (because I guess that’s the only praise they’ve ever gotten).
And Nugent can deny this all he likes; he was spewing that story for years, not just once but several times. I went looking for it and found variations on it in virtually every rock magazine of the era. What a LOSER.
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
April 17, 2015 at 8:21 am
Maxie Grant,
Yeah… but he did do Stranglehold.
Reply

Billy Grabarkowitz
May 11, 2015 at 4:52 am
As a Vietnam veteran I would like to thank this useless prick for staying out of my Army. We were a group with courage and commitment, not of cowards who would rather fuck 13 year old girls than defend their country.
Nugent, I know you won’t personally read this but I also know that you have trolls that search daily for any mention of your name and they will certainly find this as they search under keywords that define you; Koch-sucker, cocksucker, asshole, pseudo Christian asshole, mother butt fucker, NRA enema, dirt road trucker, etc.
Maybe your make believe Jesus will forgive you but real Americans never will. May you die a slow painful death as did many of my brothers who exercised their patriotism in a manner you will never understand.
Reply

don dawkins
August 8, 2015 at 8:05 am
How you could go into a pre induction physical filled with many who would later be killed and maimed behaving in such a despicable manner boggles the mind. Then this sleazy sob try’s to come off as Captain America.
Contempt is not a strong enough word. I would love to be trapped alone on a elevator with this pos.
Reply

krissti kass
August 9, 2015 at 12:10 pm
Thank goodness for real men like you…. I thought for a second this was a post praising his cowardly ass. Thank you for serving your country and thank you for all the wonderful things you say about this gutless bastard who deserves nothing more than to rot in hell!
Reply

Pierre Savoie
August 8, 2015 at 9:29 am
Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that: we ALL live, but most of us have never really died!
Reply

kgp
August 8, 2015 at 11:30 am
he should get into the clown car that is the field of candidates for the presidency
Reply

Philip James
August 12, 2015 at 12:09 am
Only if it goes the wrong way in traffic.
Reply

Da Bomb
August 8, 2015 at 11:48 am
I felt that the world and just improved until I saw the last word in the headline.
Reply

John Sanders
August 8, 2015 at 7:00 pm
Wow. I was worried there for a second. Without the man who sings Wang Dang Sweet Poontang, I didn’t know where I was going to turn for advice on family values.
Reply

Timaloha
January 16, 2016 at 12:18 pm
“Wand Dang” is Vietnamese for underaged.
Reply

RHBJr
August 8, 2015 at 9:21 pm
Hey Ted, learn a fourth chord.
Reply

Mark Lynn
August 9, 2015 at 4:04 am
Ted Nugent is a American Icon, Standing for a Spirit of the wild , a direct attitude of patriotism, and a fine example of what we the ” sheeple” should stand for … A hard working, American loving, 2nd Amendment suporter, a activist against our crime ridden Government ,,,, He seems tireless in his efforts on tv, magazine articles, his own magazine, videos, and appearances in support to rally the people to awaken and see with him the chains that are being fitted for us all by those who own the keys… God Bless America and Ted Nugent !! Love ya Uncle Ted
Reply

krissti kass
August 9, 2015 at 12:19 pm
You suck and so does this pos. He is nobody and a sick person who is a child molester… maybe you can take your kids to your heroes house and drop them off since you think he is such a great guy. Screw 2nd amendment, screw dverything he stands for and screw you for supporting this pos.
Reply

randall
August 9, 2015 at 12:55 pm
Cry liberals, cry. Red-blooded americans won’t follow your nonsense. Yet, you wish people dead and rejoice. Karma, set thyself upon these bitches! bwa!
Reply

ahughes798
January 11, 2016 at 8:37 pm
I don’t wish him dead. I just think he’s a draft-dodging pedophile. Red blooded Americans usually don’t like draft-dodgers, and they especially don’t like pedophiles. Why do you, you red blooded ‘Murican, you?
Reply

mattzcat
August 10, 2015 at 11:16 am
Anybody who thinks that risking their life for rice, multinational (foreign) oil companies, or Israel is noble or patriotic, has really been snowed.
Reply

Blake Kamper
August 10, 2015 at 2:00 pm
Jim, I actually loved growing up listening to his solo stuff.
Cat scratch fever, Stranglehold, Wango~Tango, Free-for-all; he was a guitar player’s guitar player. He knew how to take a three-piece power trio and deliver the rock and roll glory punch!.
My friends and I would love to see him when he played smaller venues like the House Of Blues and just watch him rock the freaking house! A Very very good showman who could back it all up with serious guitar chops.
His prime went beyond the Amboy Dukes.
What he did in The late 70s was killer!
Of course, When we would see him in concert we learned to EXPECT to hear him spew his right wing nonsense between songs and we would all laugh because it was kind of cute/silly freedom of speech nonsense and we would just yell from the front of the stage, “Shut~up and play your friggin’ guitar!”
He would flip us the middle finger and then rip into the classics like he was playing them for the last time ever. It was Rock and Roll. Great fun.
But, what started out as cute silly nonsense between songs had turned into a harmful, disgusting, racist, unfunny, misogynistic, self~adoring, quasi-narcissistic brand of masturbation on stage. And I’m not talking about the stage of a rock ‘n roll show, I’m talking about the microphone that he is given at too many right wing rallies and radio talk shows where his racism is no longer hidden, his contempt for the immigrants who have made up this country for the last 240 years, his degradation of women in politics that he doesn’t agree with, saying the most vile thing about their femininity on stage, and all the rest of the nonsense that is just making me sick to my stomach now.
He is heard and followed by too many right wing nut jobs. And it has spoiled that direction and ambition. It’s different now.
I could never wear his Ted Nugent hoodie that I bought 13 years ago at the House of Blues again!. Normally I would have given It to Goodwill so that somebody could get some use out of it, but I threw it away!
I no longer want myself or anybody else to advertise his “Brand”.
To me it’s no longer about the kick ass guitar rock music, it’s about a race~baiting, egotistical, draft dodging war monger who likes to be the center of attention while he is fomenting hate among large groups of Americans and contributing to the divisiveness that is destroying America as we know it..
So I threw him away too!
Reply

Bill Homans
January 20, 2016 at 4:01 pm
LIKE.
Reply

Sharon MT
April 23, 2016 at 4:31 am
Yep…”LIKE”
Reply

Gaz
April 24, 2016 at 2:30 pm
Recording great rock and roll doesn’t make up for being a psycho, child-molesting, hate-mongering coward. I served, saw no combat, but those of us who did serve make it possible for douche-bag sissies to stay safely home and spew rhetoric. There’s plenty of other great rock-n-roll. He won’t get a penny of my money and his vinyl should be getting recycled about now
Reply

Luke
December 27, 2016 at 9:41 am
Wah Wah.. Typical Liberal bullshit.
Reply

Lee
January 11, 2016 at 11:44 pm
There’s no justice in the world. David Bowie, John Lennon, Ray Charles, Janis Joplin, Jerry Garcia and Roy Orbison are all dead, while Ted Nugent, Pat Robertson, Pat Boone, Phyllis Schlafly, Rush Limbaugh and Rupert Murdoch are all alive!
Reply

noicememem8
January 12, 2016 at 9:01 am
David Bowie is dead
Reply

Melanie
January 13, 2016 at 10:46 pm
That’s what he said.
Reply

Aname
January 23, 2016 at 7:14 pm
Yeah, life sucks sometimes. Still, we are alive to keep condemning shitholes like Nugent, so at least there’s some small justice in this world.
Reply

Luke
December 27, 2016 at 9:43 am
You forgot to include yourself…
Reply

dmackay
April 22, 2016 at 12:39 am
Such a shame to see so many comments about Nugent not wanting to go to war.
What many go to war for- (In my opinion) in not what they think.
I wouldn’t want to go to war- and if someone gave me a gun and asked me to defend my country- One in Which the government LIES Consistently – they would likely be shot!
Government TRUMPS- Over Rights and Freedoms, and Wealthy Corporations are the Priority over Poverty. Capitalism and Control are the Governments’ main agendas.
All the Vet’s Certainly have my Respect for their Courage,
and Sympathy- for their Mistreatment by Government- Since I know many are living a life with SEVERE Disabilities, and Permanent Disability- and being Denied Health Care and WCB Benefits- I hope they feel that the Wars the Government Create are Justifiable- I Certainly Do Not!
Reply

JAMES WITT
April 22, 2016 at 11:01 pm
DAMN! Nugent, Kid Pebble, and Kanye Kardashian all in the same week. This is a real blow to the music world!!!
Reply

Chuck Anziulewicz
November 8, 2016 at 6:49 am
I’m horrified to hear this. My sympathies to all.
Reply

VERNON BALMER JR.
November 16, 2016 at 1:17 pm
On April 14, 2012, Ted proclaimed, “If Barack Obama becomes the president in November again, I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year.”
Reply

Dan Trigona
December 26, 2016 at 9:20 am
Only ones annoyed are PC liberals who would rather this 2nd Amendment hardcore supporter be found dead, preferably with bullet wounds or shotgun wounds to further their agenda.
Reply

Tim Bromund
December 26, 2016 at 1:09 pm
What an utterly douchebaggy article.
Reply

Muzzbustr
December 26, 2016 at 1:57 pm
The Nudge is almost as fun to watch as “allah” you left-nut no-brains that scream phobo-phobic racist everything just because the Mudscum hoard is NO LONGER going to be imported en masse…It must suck to be a lefty….
Reply

John Sawyer
December 28, 2016 at 4:36 am
“Phobo-phobic” –there’s a new winner
Reply

Matthew
December 26, 2016 at 9:18 pm
Funny, but mean.
But still funny.
Reply

Shitkicker
December 27, 2016 at 3:16 am
Die already
Reply

Jimmy
December 27, 2016 at 8:11 am
Wow I just want to know how many ppl here has served the military in peace or war cuz I am not seeing any bitching about them
Reply

EARTHLINGS
December 27, 2016 at 10:50 pm
Ted did in FACT avoided the draft. Nugent dodging the draft didn’t come out of thin air; Nugent himself reportedly attested to the act during a 1977 interview with High Times. During a 2006 interview with the U.K.’s Independent, Nugent denied the whole story, saying, “You’ve got to realize that these interviewers would arrive with glazed eyes and I would make stories up. I never did crystal meth. And I never pooped my pants.” He also claimed in the interview that a student deferment got him out of the draft. Another crock by Nugent, yet he was always good with BS just like Trump. LIARS & Cowards. Research does show that in fact that the NRA firearm advocate did have a student deferment, but he was ultimately rejected from military service in 1969 as a RESULT of a physical examination. The story on this is partly just BS and Nugent isn’t dead YET but there’s still a lot of truth being said too. At age 18, Nugent was a COWARD and yet he was killing animals even as a child. Yet one thing’s certain, Ted Nugent is having health issues at the age of 68 as of December 13th and he’s also losing his hair faster then ever these days too. Yet at least he still has his fake teeth. Bottom line regarding Nugent is he’s always been a coward and even laughs with pleasure of causing suffering to animals and that makes him a psychopath.
Reply

Mishy
December 28, 2016 at 5:04 pm
This was needed. Thanks for the the fun!
Reply

A bro
December 28, 2016 at 5:43 pm
There is some funny stuff here, people…not much talk about his music, though. I saw him warm up Greg Allman @House of Blues in Chgo. He came onto stage dressed like an American Indian brave or warrior and shot flaming arrows into a target. Oh yeah, he played guitar afterwards. What was the one word in that song, ” take a ride to the______ side of your mind,” from “Journey to The Center of Your Mind.” I was drafted out of college and shipped overseas. I never pooped my pants, but I was so scared once I wet myself. I wonder if he’s ever been to one of those African pay for kill haunts where they breed & raise Lions for hunt/kill. they keep the prey(sic) in a confined area. It’s been on public T.V. anyway, I was never a big fan of his axe/voice & especially his public opinions on being an Amercan, gun ownership and hunting. Thank You falettinmebemicelf. A bro…gate.
Reply
Alexander Crouton-Skitch
Alexander Crouton-Skitch
December 29, 2016 at 3:00 am
falettinmebemicelf
Reply
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 






03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME CRIME WOMAN COMES FORWARD WITH SHOCKING ALLEGATION: “I WAS NOT RAPED BY BILL COSBY”
Woman Comes Forward With Shocking Allegation: “I Was Not Raped By Bill Cosby”
Posted about 2 years ago | 13 comments
 2415
Email
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
<National Report>In a shocking turn of events, area woman Joyce Taylor has broken her silence and proclaimed, “I was not raped by Bill Cosby.”  This news came on the day that two more defendants joined in the growing defamation case against the once beloved entertainer.

** UPDATE: COSBY ADMITTED TO DRUGGING WOMEN IN 2005 DEPOSITION **

According to Ms. Taylor, she once met with Mr. Cosby decades ago at a Hollywood night club at the age of 17.  As the night progressed, she became increasingly intoxicated before her boyfriend, 18 year-old Danny Stevens, helped her home where she awoke the next morning alone, with full memory of what had not transpired the night before.  In a sworn statement given to officials earlier today, Ms. Taylor states, “Why was I not raped by Mr. Cosby?  Was I not pretty enough?  Did I do something wrong?  I mean I may have been a bit overweight, but I was still rapeable (sic).  These are all feelings I have struggled with since that fateful night in 1974.”




Bob Murphy, the attorney representing Ms. Taylor, had this to say, “I understand Joyce’s concerns, I mean she was in the right place at the right time, and feels she was entitled to be raped, but in a way, I think we have all been raped by Mr. Cosby.”

Since November, at least 15 women have come forward claiming to have been sexually assaulted by Cosby.  Cosby, who starred as Dr. Cliff Huxtable on “The Cosby Show” from 1984 to 1992, has not been formally charged in connection with any of the allegations and has denied his involvement.

Cosby’s career has unraveled since the allegations began and he has hired an extensive team of Public Relations experts in attempt to save what is left of his reputation going so far as to blame the victims themselves.

In the years since the non-incident took place, Joyce Taylor has sought counseling and has been treated for depression. “The last forty years, my weight’s gone up and down like a yo-yo.”  When “The Cosby Show” went off the air in ’92 I got things under control, but when he came back with another show four years later, I blew up like a damn balloon.  Now he’s in the news again and I’m fighting the urge to ‘make the plate my mate.’  It’s a struggle,” admitted Taylor, “but I’m not going to turn not being raped by Bill Cosby into a negative.”

It is presumed there are many more Joyce Taylor’s, possibly millions, out there waiting to tell their story of not being raped by Cosby, however as of press time National Report was unable to find any additional victims.  This development only leads to more confusion surrounding the multitude of accusers suggesting that they had in fact been raped by Mr. Cosby.

Cosby’s publicist David Brokaw and lawyer Martin Singer did not immediately respond to requests for comment.







Tags: #cosby, Bill Cosby, Cliff Huxtable, emotional eater, Hollywood, Jello-O, Pudding Pops, quaalude, Rape, rape allegations, Serial Rapist, sexual assault, The Cosby Show
Chase Logan
Chase Logan
Chase Logan is a graduate of Georgetown Law and current Washington insider. Chase works the Hill tirelessly in search of the next "Big Scoop" and has been the first to break some of the most salacious of DC stories from sexual indescretions to executive cover-ups. Beginning his political career in high school, Chase has been pursuing truth in politics since his early days at the Young Republication National Federation. Connect with Chase at https://www.facebook.com/chase.logan.9469
View all posts by Chase Logan →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Recent Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
13 Responses to "Woman Comes Forward With Shocking Allegation: “I Was Not Raped By Bill Cosby”"

Boganboy
January 6, 2015 at 10:15 pm
Alas you didn’t give us a photo of the lady. I must admit I’d like to see one dating back to 1974. I’m sure she’d look prettier than that picture of Bill.
Reply

David
January 7, 2015 at 1:44 am
A good article, in the satirical lines of this publication, I found interesting and it raised a smile. However, is not rape a too serious and atrocious crime against women (in the main, thought men are raped too) to be made light of, by a report about non-rape!
Reply

RONIFER
January 7, 2015 at 3:07 am
He probably didn’t like your mustache !
Reply
Nigel Covington
Nigel Covington
January 7, 2015 at 8:59 am
David,
Get over yourself sir, this story isn’t about you and how disappointed you are that Cosby didn’t rape you (ref: “men are raped too”). Nothing is “too serious and atrocious” for the National Report not to cover. The truth is the truth. Sometimes the truth hurts even if Mr. Cosby didn’t take you from behind and repeatedly have his way with you.
Reply

David
January 7, 2015 at 10:27 am
Hi Nigel, in our case it was consensual, and Billy dear was in front.
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
January 9, 2015 at 5:32 pm
There you go. David here is pleased with his relationship with “Billy,” and confirms that the icon performer didn’t rape him no more than he raped one single of the women who are claiming that he did. Where’s the evidence?
Reply

Grisha
January 9, 2015 at 12:28 pm
Really, Nigel? A cheap joke about rape?!?!?? ONLY in pornographers’ story lines and the arrested development of frat boy dreams do women enjoy rape. Perhaps you struggle with your own fantasies of receiving it from behind, and should expand your reading list. That you even pretend to intellectual capacity is an insulting gauge of the low standards of National Report.
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
January 9, 2015 at 5:55 pm
Gregory or Grisha, (which I presume is your name when in drag)
First of all any comment I make is strictly my own, and it doesn’t reflect on the journalistic integrity of the NR. Second, I’m much too wise to the liberal effort to attack conservative journalists by putting words in our mouths that we never said. Such as “woman enjoy rape” which you and your trailer trash friends will spin as if I made such a vile statement. These repugnant words and statement is found only in your sick twisted comment that in my opinion is an insult to all women for which you alone should be branded with the title of Woman Hater. My comment was directed at David, who from all appearances is most likely a male. Therefore your ignorant and cheap shot at me and the NR would never be taken seriously by anyone who understands the English language.
Reply

Grisha
January 10, 2015 at 1:58 pm
Dear Nigel (Editor-in-Chief),
Ooooooh-ouch….it appears we’ve hit a nerve, haven’t we Nige? Calm down laddie and, as you commented earlier to David: “get over yourself.” If indeed you are the “Editor-in-Chief” of whatever and wherever (huge presumption), it was of course wise of you to boldly claim remarks as your own rather than to further tarnish the good name of the NR. But as most journalists also learn early on (and which you’ve presumably forgotten): when you’re stuck in a hole…stop digging. Yes, you’re right…we can be certain David is a male, and one who appears to be deflecting your vitriol quite well on his own. So to help clarify your muddied confusion about what I’d written, my comments were addressed to the casual manner in which you assumed it was amusing to joke about a woman complaining about not being raped. Because for any woman (or man) in your joke to complain in this way would imply that they desired to be raped….an impotent stumble at even the most grunting level of humor. I didn’t need to spin any of your words, you did all the work for us. And it was touching to read such a jumbled and baldly stupid I-am-rubber-you-are-glue to “brand” me with the title of “Woman Hater”. Hah! Let’s put that to the sniff test. I’m not sure what to make of your presumption that Grisha is my name “in drag”, but that would already be a violation of NP’s solemnly written promise that its forum moderator does not divulge e-mail addresses (and maybe another sign that you just can’t trust what NP is telling you). And finally, c’mon…is Nigel really the name they gave you at birth?
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
January 10, 2015 at 9:33 pm
Grisha,
Thank you for posting your comment to this forum. To address the items you mentioned in your comment from earlier today… you never “hit a nerve” with me. That’s likely due to the fact that most weekends are spent on a 2 1/2 day bender that also includes quite a few dabs and a number of pain medications I buy off my neighbor. This killer concoction tends to leave me comfortably numb through the weekend and is always followed by the Monday morning blues which I believe is probably the best time to hit one of my nerves. Next, corporate policy concerning comments posted by employees, support staff and subcontractors or freelancers of the National Report do not reflect the views of the corporation. Therefore I am solely responsible for any comments I post. Regarding your email address we would never give it out or publish it. All employees and freelancers are prohibited from doing so per policy. To do so can result in disciplinary action and or termination. My “muddied confusion” about what you’d written previously is an extreme misrepresentation since my only point is that I never said, “woman enjoy rape.” Period. It is true that in making light of the Cosby saga I did assume it was amusing to joke about a woman complaining about not being raped. And since humor is subjective my comment’s value as humor is a matter determined by every reader. As far as my name goes Nigel is the one that appears on my birth certificate. Above all what impressed me most about you Grisha, is your keen ability and superior method for seeking out and exposing that which is self-evident. You wrote… “If indeed you are the “Editor-in-Chief” of whatever and wherever (huge presumption),” etc, etc. And you busted me fair & square, caught me red handed for I am indeed the editor-in-chief for the National Report. And to confirm you’re absolutely correct readers may click on this link for verification… http://nationalreport.net/staff/. — You have a gift Grisha, a true capacity for exposing the obvious which will no doubt serve you well throughout life.
Reply

Grisha
January 11, 2015 at 11:37 am
Nigel-
Like I said, put down the shovel and stop digging.
Following a murderous week in Paris during which the valuable social role of of good satire against pompous self-regard was reaffirmed, NR’s failure to grasp even the basic mechanics of this genre of writing was made emphatically clear by this story from Chase Logan. The fact that you also find humor in the weird premise that anyone desires to be raped is embedded in your comment to Richard (“…this story isn’t about you and how disappointed you are that Cosby didn’t rape you”). Such a weak pretension to wit firmly establishes your own level of writing as somewhere far lower than even fart jokes humor and toilet humor. Even if I agree with you that Mr. Cosby deserves a fair legal hearing, in the court of public opinion (the only court that really has leverage in the world of celebrities and entertainment, AND has no statue-of-limitations) your reptilian instinct to find humor in the pain of others does nothing to advance this presumption. In short, you’re self-defeating because you’re just not funny. This isn’t to say you can’t improve, but such a quantum leap would require at least minimal recognition that the only laughter you hear is coming from the echo chamber of your own head. The tone-deaf responses you offered to at least two readers’ comments about just how un-funny a rape joke sounds make this highly unlikely….so good luck with that.
And your swaggering bravado about 2-½ day drug-fueled benders is just plain juvenile, as though you don’t understand pharmaceuticals at all. My (unsolicited) advice to someone so unprepared to investigate how his mind works would be to stay away from them. I never doubted that you were a true “Nigel”, but just wanted to read you embrace such a name. Of course!…and the moniker “Nigel J. Covington” fits you perfectly (it’s even staggering to think there were two of them before you). Likewise, your emphatic claim to the title of “Editor-in-Chief”. Next time I write a comment here, I’ll wear a bow-tie.
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
January 11, 2015 at 5:01 pm
Grisha,
Well I am impressed Grisha, you sound as if you may have some knowledge of mental health issues in your background. If you really liked Chase Logan’s coverage of the Bill Cosby story then I’m quite hopeful you’ll love my most recent article concerning Mr. Cosby, since my piece also explores how mental health issues may have played a role in the Cosby matter. I’d be honored if you’d be so kind as to offer your constructive criticism and honest evaluation of my work. Be sure to look for it in Monday mornings edition of the National Report.
Respectfully,
Nigel
Reply

Phil Spektrum
January 13, 2015 at 9:44 pm
Grisha, I think your exhaustive commentary speaks more toward your strange sexual desires than anyone named in this article. Have you ever been arrested for stalking?
Reply
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 


03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME GREATEST HITS SOLAR PANELS DRAIN THE SUN’S ENERGY, EXPERTS SAY
Solar Panels Drain the Sun’s Energy, Experts Say
Posted about 3 years ago | 1,840 comments
 
Email
 (AP Photo/Toby Talbot)
(AP Photo/Toby Talbot)
<National Report>This week, a scientific research facility in Wyoming made a startling discovery that is certain to change the way millions of Americans look at the environmentalism movement, after they found conclusive evidence that solar panels not only convert the sun’s energy into usable energy, but that they are also draining the sun of its own energy, possibly with catastrophic consequences far worse than global warming.

Scientists at the Wyoming Institute of Technology, a privately-owned think tank located in Cheyenne, Wyoming, discovered that energy radiated from the sun isn’t merely captured in solar panels, but that energy is directly physically drawn from the sun by those panels, in a process they refer to as “forced photovoltaic drainage.”

“Put into laymen’s terms, the solar panels capture the sun’s energy, but pull on the sun over time, forcing more energy to be released than the sun is actually producing,” WIT claims in a scientific white paper published on Wednesday.  “Imagine a waterfall, dumping water.  But you aren’t catching the water in buckets, but rather sucking it in with a vacuum cleaner.  Eventually, you’re going to suck in so much water that you drain the river above that waterfall completely.”


WIT is adamant that there’s no immediate danger, however.  “Currently, solar panels are an energy niche, and do not pose a serious risk to the sun.  But if we converted our grids to solar energy in a big way, with panels on domestic homes and commercial businesses, and paving our parking lots with panels, we’d start seeing very serious problems over time.  If every home in the world had solar panels on their roofs, global temperatures would drop by as much as thirty degrees over twenty years, and the sun could die out within three hundred to four hundred years.”

The study was commissioned in August 2011 by the Halliburton corporation, who wanted to learn if the energy giant should start manufacturing and selling solar panels domestically and internationally.  Halliburton’s executives wanted to know more about the sustainability of solar energy and how photovoltaic technology might evolve over the next ten years.  But based on the findings of WIT’s research in the field, Halliburton revealed on Friday that they will not be entering the solar energy market.

“Solar panels destroying the sun could potentially be the worst man-made climate disaster in the history of the world, and Halliburton will not be taking part in that,” the company stated in a press release issued Friday morning.  “It’s obvious, based on the findings of this neutral scientific research group, that humans needs to become more dependent on fossil fuels like oil and coal, not less.  Because these so-called `green technologies’ are far more dangerous to the Earth than any hydrofracking operation or deep-water drilling station.  What good is clean air when our very sun is no longer functional?”

 

Tags: energy, halliburton, institute, photovoltaic, science, solar, solar panel, sun, Technology, Wyoming

Matt Rock
After studying journalism, political science, foreign affairs, and culinary arts, Matt Rock joined the staff at Epoch Times as a political analyst focused on India, before being assigned to cover North Korea. He left in 2008 to join MSNBC as an off-camera political analyst, where he earned multiple awards and was named MSNBC's top analyst four years in a row, from 2009 through 2012. He was hired in 2013 for a short stint at the Wall Street Journal, before ultimately deciding to write for National Report in 2014, feeling mainstream media sources were too invested in stories that didn't matter.
View all posts by Matt Rock →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Recent Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
1,840 Responses to "Solar Panels Drain the Sun’s Energy, Experts Say"

Sofia Koutsouveli (Sofia Lucifairy)
September 16, 2014 at 9:16 am
I am a communist/Marxist and I believe solar panels are a capitalist conspiracy
Reply

gurina
December 16, 2014 at 11:56 am
Is you expert an expert in stupidity?
Reply

Nepthalie R. Gonzales
December 29, 2014 at 12:26 am
This article is a lot of nonsense. My guess is this a paid for scarecrow so we keep on buying oil pollutants! Please have a conscience before before publishing any full of craps like this ! A LOT OF LAYMEN MAY BE FOOLED BY THIS NONSENSICAL HIGHLY ILLOGICAL CRAP !
Nep Gonzales
Chemical Engineer / Professor
Reply

Dave
December 29, 2014 at 2:42 am
Somehow this has got to be Obama’s fault. No other explanation
Reply

aljean
December 29, 2014 at 3:20 am
this is just some trash talk from those people earning insane money from fossil fuels and are afraid that one day nobody’s gonna use their shit anymore coz of new alternatives same as these renewable energy resources.
Reply

Jessica H.
December 30, 2014 at 4:54 am
I’m sure that their decision to not get into solar panels has NOTHING to do with the fact that it would cannibalize the sector of their business that deals with drilling and oil. Calling BS on this “study”.
Reply

Cosmin N.
January 12, 2015 at 11:04 am
Dear Matt Rock. Next time you feel the urge to write an article even remotely related to science, please take a deep breath, count from 1 to 10 then choose another subject. Or ask a friend who likes science about his opinion. Or ask Google.
As an example: please read about the Kardashev scale. According to this scale, a civilization able to harness ALL the energy of a star (like our sun is) is a Type II civilization. Humanity is still a Type 0 (zero). Wikipedia has a very nice and detailed article about that scale.
If my answer contains any spelling errors, please excuse me. I have answered from my phone.
Reply

ZZMike
January 12, 2015 at 7:01 pm
By now, you will have realized that the article is satirical, as have many of the other 1800 or so comments.
I have a problem with the definition of a Type II civilization. If they harnessed ALL their star’s energy, there wouldn’t be any left over for light and heat.
Unless, of course, some of that harnessing goes into light and heat.
Reply

Cosmin N.
January 14, 2015 at 12:31 am
Yes, I did realize. Well, a bit too subtle for my style
About the Type II civ, the classification doesn’t say they do harness a star’s energy, just that they are able. That is, they have the technology and resources. Most likely if they have that kind of technology, they surely have mastered fusion and other energy resources.
And by then purchasing a safe portable nuclear reactor would be like buying batteries for the remote control today
Reply

Jean-Claude
January 12, 2015 at 4:27 pm
I am sure if everybody look at the sun in the same moment we could shut off the sun! lol…
Reply

Vandana Prises
February 11, 2015 at 3:21 am
Hello,I come to your blog for the first time and information about Solar Panels Drain the Sun’s Energy its realli intersing .
Reply

Dee
April 27, 2015 at 5:53 pm
Shame on you for publishing such rubbish. Being on the teet of big oil has made you a mindless slave. I renounce your nonsense and encourage any and all reading this to use critical thinking and common sense. The whole thing reek of snake oil.
Reply

Scottii
June 17, 2015 at 7:59 pm
There are lots of bright sparks at Wit and quite a few among the wits posting to this blog. On the same basis, I’m wondering if WIT have examined the effects of ranks of vacuum cleaners on hurricanes and typhoons. Could be something in that.
Reply

Barry
June 18, 2015 at 3:36 pm
Scotti:
Excellent thought, but it doesn’t have to be a vacuum cleaner. Any adequately large fan and ducting system would work. However, the intake should be adequately far away from the discharge. An elbow would be required to vent the fan vertically. When a tornado passed over the discharge elbow, the blast of air would satisfy the vacuum within the tornado funnel, collapsing the vacuum, and thereby killing the tornado. Oklahoma has a lot of problems with Tornados in Tornado Alley. The State of Oklahoma could erect an array of such “Tornado Killers” perpendicular to Tornado Alley, on the State Line, preventing Tornados from entering the state. Failsafe sensors could be set up say 1 minute upstream of the Tornado Killers, and when they got ripped out of the ground by a tornado, this would start up the three fans (the one whose sensors got ripped out, and one on each side of it, in case the tornado veered a bit off course) and allow them to get up to speed by the time the tornado arrived. This is necessary to minimize power costs. There is no point on turning on the fans unless they are needed to kill a tornado. Considering that the people of Oklahoma have suffered tremendous loss in the past, I hereby assign all Patent Rights to the State of Oklahoma. The Tornado Killer array could be financed by the insurance premiums that the Oklahoma Residents didn’t have to pay in the future.
Best wishes to the People of Oklahoma!!
Reply

Snuffy63
May 8, 2016 at 12:28 pm
Barry, you’ve brought tears to the eyes of this Oklahoman (gulp, sniff). You are a wonderful man! I’d ask if you’d do something about our earthquakes, but there’s no use in that as God is punishing us for teaching evolution in our classrooms.
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
May 8, 2016 at 10:09 pm
Dear Snuffy63,
Thank you for leaving your comment on the National Report. Snuffy63 my Oklahomo sources have told me God is not punishing you people for teaching evolution in our classrooms. I’m told that’s the cover story Oklahoman’s are using to hide their real shame which is… you’re all a bunch of low-life masturbators and Democrats. Would you care to shed some light on this Snuffy63?
Reply

Kevin
December 14, 2015 at 7:52 pm
Perfect reply
Reply

Daniel Guillot
August 10, 2015 at 7:13 pm
This is pure nonsense paid for by Haliburton SOLAR PANELS have absolutly no effect on the sun in about 5 BILLION years from now the sun which is now a yellow stare will grow 3 times the size it is now and become a RED GIANT vaporizing Mecury,and Venus and schorching this panet to barron rock,,the about 2 billion years later it will turn into a WHITE DWARF SITTING OUT IN SPACE
Reply

Deb
September 7, 2015 at 2:55 pm
OMG someone actually paid them for thi crap?
Reply

Gary
September 8, 2015 at 7:47 am
I know this is a bit of s late comment. I was busy “prepping” for the coming disaster.
I enjoyed reading your article and completely understand your perspective. I chuckled at the conclusions of the research you’ve done and hope you can get published in some of the finer and more widely circulated outlets such as the “Onion”. While I giggled a bit at your article, the comments are what make this a try gem to share. Serioisly? There are actually people out there who challenged this? It must give you a warm feeling to get a glimpse of how gullible people are. Please don’t report on the antigravity vortex just past the fence on El Capitan. It’s already too crowded in out parks.
Reply

Mustapha
September 30, 2015 at 3:02 am
We really didn’t need someone to give us a lesson in satire. The original story was hilarious! A hoax? Really? Garsh!
Reply

Al the Pal
November 18, 2015 at 4:12 pm
We already know (from earlier research, most likely reported either in National Report or the Onion—those two sources of TRUTH), that building wind turbines has an incredible effect on the weather, and we could lose the wind altogether if we build too many of them (wind is a finite resource, after all….) It sends chills down my spine when I hear of other so-called “green” energy. Harnessing the tides will eventually stop the ocean currents, and taken to extremes could stop the moon (the source of tidal energy). The moon would then tumble to earth, making the meteor that killed the dinosaurs and unicorns look like a grain of sand by comparison. WAKE UP, SHEEPLE!!!!
Reply

laimis
December 15, 2015 at 2:35 am
surely you can’t get any more retarded than that ?
Reply

Anita Sannich
December 15, 2015 at 3:19 am
Matts’ middle name is You.
Reply

Sardonic02
December 15, 2015 at 5:06 pm
Damn! I just spent $25k on PV panels for my home. I didn’t know.
Reply

Mick
January 5, 2016 at 2:45 am
Wow, what an absolute load of utter rubbish. Like Solar Panels have the power to pull energy from the Sun from 100 million miles away. Never heard so much nonsense in all my days. Im not a Scientist or anything im just simply not retarded!! Experts???? Idiots trying to justify huge research budgets more like!!!!
Reply

Croc
February 10, 2016 at 8:00 am
Being from Cheyenne Wyoming , I’m pretty sure some one was paid to write this bull shit to scare. The weak minded sheep people ,,,
Reply

test
February 15, 2016 at 10:52 pm
lookie here
Reply

John
February 20, 2016 at 11:32 pm
These articles are dangerous. There are many nutters out there who are immune to parody and will believe this. I mean, believing that the earth was created in 6 days is bad enough but come on …
Reply

LollingPolling
March 11, 2016 at 2:22 pm
Guys.. I feel ashamed to tell some of you people that this whole website is a humor site and this article is for fun. I mean, use those neurons fellas.
Reply

Dennis
September 23, 2016 at 1:57 pm
The problem with this kind of humor… is stupid people believe it… i forget where it was but their is a town… that outlawed solar panels… they were about to open a huge solar plant near the town… and thanks to a SCIENCE TEACHER of all people… it was shut down and the use of solar panels was outlawed… know why… because the highschool science teacher said it was going to drain the sun… and petition the city council to act… obviously this idiot btch read this article… and the even more sad thing… this dumb btch is EDUCATING THE NEXT GENERATION OF FUTURE LEADERS… GOD HELP US ALL
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
September 23, 2016 at 7:51 pm
Dennis,
~
Humor is not the problem, stupid people are. According to Dictionary.com the top definition of humor when used as a noun is… “a comic, absurd, or incongruous quality causing amusement.” So ask yourself, how is it a high school science teacher, someone hired as an educator for the upcoming generation believed this story without questioning it first before starting a petition?
~
The obvious answer is because the high school teacher is STUPID. Humor is never the problem, its all the stupid people who are.
Reply

Boomerrob
March 28, 2016 at 4:43 pm
On Wednesday the government is also removing the word gullible from dictionaries.
Reply

STACY
May 23, 2016 at 1:12 am
This week, a scientific research facility in Wyoming made a startling discovery that is certain to change the way millions of Americans look at the environmentalism movement, after they found conclusive evidence that solar panels not only convert the sun s energy into usable energy, but that they are also draining the sun of its own energy, possibly with catastrophic consequences far worse than global warming.
Reply

Morticon
July 1, 2016 at 3:58 pm
….uhhhhh no I don’t think that’s true honey…the planets surrounding the sun contribute literally nothing to the sun’s ability to shine. The sun is not a living thing, it is a burning gas ball, so it does not “””work harder””” when its energy is absorbed. Global warming is occurring because you jackasses’ factories and cars produced enough smog to successfully damage our o-zone. Don’t blame solar panels because you’re idiots.
Reply

Kevin Chisholm
September 23, 2016 at 10:06 pm
If the writer of the Solar Panel article wrote speeches fro Trump, Trump would surely be your next President.
Reply

Stu Pedaso
November 2, 2016 at 8:35 am
Thank you for that enlightening article which proves that solar energy is a very dangerous technology. It is now obvious that we must outlaw solar panels as well as wind generators and go back to using safe technologies such as fracking and coal as the good Lord intended. I pray that everyone stop listening to most scientists and instead read only reports from Koch Industries, which are unbiased. Bless you, National Report!
Reply

nunya bus ness
March 6, 2017 at 7:44 am
according to the laws of physics, the laws that govern the observable universe, energy can not be created or destroyed. solar panels use ions that are exited by light, which creates energy, which powers our houses. in no way whatsoever are the stealing the suns energy. but this is good satire.
Reply

david
March 6, 2017 at 8:18 pm
Hello,
Please advise if you do carry any of the following items available in stock and also let us know the asking prices as well.
1, Grundfos Pump 10SQ05-160-240
2, Grundfos Submersible Pump 230V 22SQ15-220 1.5hp 22GPM (Part Number #: 96160158)
3, Grundfos SQFlex 11-2 Submersible pump (part no 95027335) & SQFlex CU 200 control box
4, Grundfos 10SQ10-290 1 HP Motor – 230 volt Part Number #: 96160143 $1403
245 sola panel
Looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Best regards
david
Reply

kenneth
March 9, 2017 at 3:49 am
stupid
Reply
« Older Comments
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 






03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME POLITICS OBAMA WANTS TO BE A ‘PRIVATE SECTOR GUN GRABBER’ WHEN HE LEAVES OFFICE
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Posted about 4 months ago | 0 comment
 241
Email
obama_gun_grabberWASHINGTON, D.C. — The days in President Barack Hussein Obama’s (D-Kenya) presidency are dwindling, and aides close to the first black president are saying he’s been thinking long and hard about what he’ll do once he leaves the White House. Some staffers this week told media outlets that one idea Obama has is to continue one of his most ambitious efforts as president but in the private sector. At an early morning press conference Wednesday morning, Obama made those intentions known to the public.


“You know,” Obama told reporters in the White House press briefing room, “once you get a taste for disarming the public; it’s really hard to quit.”

Obama told the media he is mulling over whether or not he should become a “private sector gun grabber” once he leaves and alleged billionaire Donald J. Trump is sworn-in next January. The move, he said, would fit “right in line” with his “obvious and apparent” presidential goals. He said that “every right-winger and Sean Hannity viewer knows” he’s been out to take away everyone’s guns as president, and at first he was “deeply saddened” by the prospect of not being able to do so anymore.

“What’s an anti-American puppet of George Soros supposed to do,” Obama asked, “if he can’t destroy America from within or at the very least confiscate every good, God-fearing, ammo-hoarding patriot’s weapons cache?”

Feeling a heavy malaise, Obama says he confided in outgoing Vice President Joe Biden that he was feeling “a lot of ennui” over not being able to confiscate Americans’ guns. That’s when Biden told him to consider making a transition to the private sector. After thinking about it over a long weekend golfing, which one right-wing news site estimated cost taxpayers approximate $2.3 trillion dollars a hole, Obama decided Biden was “dead on” and he’s begun putting together a non-government organization, or NGO, to do just that.

“I’ve seen what being a gun grabbing Kenyan socialist Sharia lover is like in the public sector,” Obama said, “and now I want to see if I can bring those same traits to the private sector.”

Obama’s group will be called Organizing For Confiscation, and it will be lead by Obama, George Soros, Hillary Clinton, Facebook’s CEO Mark Zuckerberg, former NBA player Mookie Blaylock, Beelzebub, and the ghost of Saul Alinsky. It will focus first, Obama said, on training Obama in the ways of the ninja. That way, the president said, he can “more easily sneak into people’s homes and grab those guns.”

“Let’s be very clear here,” Obama told reporters, “despite my best efforts, I was not successful in confiscating nearly as many guns as I had hoped. Frankly, I don’t think I grabbed very many at all. I was just never able to get away with it, but I would have it if weren’t for those darned, snooping right-wing conspiracy theorists. OFC will take my mission to disarm America so that the commie invasion can begin and run with it full steam, or I’ll hand in my Sharia Socialism card.”

The NRA could not be reached for comment.

Republished from The Political Garbage Chute.

Follow James on Twitter @JamboSchlarmbo.



Tags: #gungrabbers, 2a, gun confiscation, NRA, Second Amendment

James Schlarmann
James is the founding editor and chief contributor for the political comedy site "The Political Garbage Chute." You can find his other work there, as well as scribbled on your local diner bathroom stall.
View all posts by James Schlarmann →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Millions Mourn As Rocker/Activist Ted Nugent, Age 68, Found Alive
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 






03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME POLITICS TRUMP: BEN CARSON PERFECT FOR HUD BECAUSE ‘IT HAS THE WORD URBAN IN IT’
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Posted about 4 months ago | 1 comment
 209Tweet
Email

(Joseph Sohm / Shutterstock, Inc.)

NEW YORK, NEW YORK — President-Elect Donald J. Trump has already been raising eyebrows with his cabinet and adviser selections.

Trump tapped Jeff Sessions as his Attorney General when Sessions was deemed too racist for a federal judgeship back in the 1980’s. He’s asked Steve Bannon, an executive for Breitbart News, which frequently publishes white nationalist and white supremacist news under the banner of the “alt-right” movement, to be his Chief Strategist. This week he announced that South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley will be his U.N. ambassador despite having no experience in the State Department, and has reportedly asked Dr. Ben Carson — a chief rival during the Republican primaries — to be his Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

At a press conference late Tuesday night, Trump gave some insight into his thinking process in inviting Carson into the role of HUD secretary.

“Well, I mean, you know, he’s um, one of them, isn’t he,” Trump asked rhetorically.

Reporters asked Trump what he meant by “one of them.” The president-elect first just winked back at the reporters. When they didn’t understand what he meant, he tried touching his nose. Exasperated, Mr. Trump finally answered the question in his trademark way.

“Look, he’s one of them, you know what I mean,” Trump said, “you know, his people are into jazz and they have an extra muscle that makes them good sports.”

The press pool was still not quite sure what he meant. Trump tried again to explain to him why he was choosing Dr. Carson for his HUD secretaro.

“It’s got the word urban in it, right,” Trump asked, “and when we think of urban we think of people of a certain…type, right? You know they all smoke marihuana cigarrettes and their women are Jezebels, strong sexual appetites, know what I mean?”

Still, the reporters weren’t quite understanding what Mr. Trump was getting at. He dug in even further.

“C’mon people, follow me here,” Trump implored them, “the job has the word urban in it, he’s an urban. You know, an URBAN. Like, his people are incapable of self-care and sink into lunacy under the burden of freedom.”

Looking puzzled, members of the press pool still couldn’t quite understand what Trump’s meaning was. They pushed for more clarity. Growing ever more flustered, Mr. Trump tried to oblige.

“You know, he could be a minstrel,” Trump offered, “he’s a good song and dance man, get it? Like, he’s not going to go swimming any time soon, no matter how long ago he ate. Get it now? Huh?”

After fifteen more minutes of trying to get the reporters assembled there to understand him, Trump finally gave up. He dug into his pocket, and got out some black shoe polish. He also got out a large rag and started smearing the polish all over his face, except around his eyes and mouth, there he left his trademark orange skin intact. He began singing.

“Everything seems lovely when you start to roam,” Trump sang out, continuing, “The birds are singin’, the day that you stray. But wait until you are further away. Things won’t be so lovely when you’re all alone. Here’s what you’ll keep saying when you’re far from home. Mammy, Mammy. The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where the sun shines best.”

The media simply grew quiet, their jaws agape.

“Mammy, my little Mammy,” Trump forged on, “My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. I’m comin’, sorry that I made you wait. I’m comin’, hope and trust that I’m not late, oh oh.
Mammy, my little Mammy. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles. My Mammy, oh oh.”

No one knew what to do, or what to say. So they just kept taking notes as Trump sang on.

“Mammy, my little Mammy,” Mr. Trump bellowed forth, “The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where, I know where the sun shines best. It’s on my Mammy I’m talkin’ about, nobody else’s. My little Mammy. My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’. I, I hope I didn’t make you wait.”

Now, it seemed that trump was building a crescendo. He was clearly ready to bring it all home. The reporters still just watched in stunned amazement.

“Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’,” Trump sang, “Oh God I, I hope I’m not late. Mammy look at me. Don’t you know me? I’m your little baby. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles
My Mammy!”

A report from NPR shows that Trump lost the popular vote by a margin of two million votes to Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton.

Republished from The Political Garbage Chute.

Follow James on Twitter @JamboSchlarmbo.

Tags: Alt-right, Ben Carson, HUD

James Schlarmann
James is the founding editor and chief contributor for the political comedy site "The Political Garbage Chute." You can find his other work there, as well as scribbled on your local diner bathroom stall.
View all posts by James Schlarmann →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Recent Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
One Response to "Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’"

Vina
December 15, 2016 at 12:57 pm
I really wish there were more arteilcs like this on the web.
Reply
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 






03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME POLITICS TRUMP TO LIMIT ALL INTELLIGENCE BRIEFINGS TO 140-CHARACTERS
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Posted about 4 months ago | 10 comments
 1355
Email

(Joseph Sohm / Shutterstock, Inc.)
TRUMP TOWER – Soon after securing the Republican presidential nomination, business mogul/reality TV star Donald J. Trump swore off any and all assistance from the U.S. intelligence community, stating he did not trust the briefings he was set to receive as the nominee. “I won’t use them because they’ve made such bad decisions,” he said at the time.

The Washington Post recently reported that a team of intelligence analysts “has been prepared to deliver daily briefings on global developments and security threats to Trump in the two weeks since he won,” but he’s passed on all but two meetings. Offered daily access to sensitive and classified information from around the globe, the U.S.’s incoming leader — who has no governmental or military experience — simply declined, declaring he’d rather receive his daily briefings over his favorite social media platform, Twitter.

“I like Twitter because it trims off all the fat,” Trump told Fox News, “if you can’t get your point across in 140-characters or less, then it can’t be that important anyways.”

Trump’s team says the president-elect has been focused on the transition and selecting the members of his administration’s Cabinet and say he still has plenty of time to get up to speed on international affairs and security threats before he takes office.

The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, who is also a senior member of Trump’s transition team, told the Post that he is not concerned about Trump’s Twitter preference.

“National security is Donald Trump’s No. 1 priority and he’s taking it very seriously,” Nunes said. “Look how many leaders he’s met with, how many phone calls he’s taken, positions he’s filled. So what if he uses Twitter…he’s getting the job done.”

Mr. Trump has tweeted almost two dozen times in the last two days, including a barrage of multi-tweet criticisms of the press, a violent tweetstorm about the popular vote and possible fraud, and his latest proposal; to jail or revoke citizenship of people who burn the American flag.

 

Tags: #trump, 140-characters, Devin Nunes, House Intelligence Committee, National Security, Trump’s transition team, tweetstorm, Twitter, Twitterverse, U.S. intelligence community
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson is a pioneer in the field of mobile journalism. Logging millions of miles in his heavily modified Volkswagen Bug camper, Shane has dedicated his life to going wherever the story takes him. When not boondocking across the U.S. & Canada, Shane calls Green Bay, WI, home.
View all posts by Shane Paulson →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
Canada Offers to Build Wall Around Bristol Palin’s Vaginal Cavity
Sarah Palin Diagnosed With STFU
Sarah Palin Bans Muslims from Entering Bristol Palin
10 Responses to "Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters"

FuckingClueless
November 30, 2016 at 8:12 am
He can call these numbers to get voice quips as well. Toll free.
1-800-SUX2BU
1-800-B4LLNW4LLS
1-800-P00SYGR4BB3R
Reply

NotMyName
December 6, 2016 at 9:48 am
this website is nothing but bullshit lies and conspiracy theories.
http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:uCWnRaMrlvMJ:nationalreport.net/femas-first-concentration-camp-officially-opens-arizona/+&cd=2&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=us
Reply

FuckingClueless
December 13, 2016 at 12:29 pm
How long did it take you to recognize this? You want a candy?
Reply

Billy Bob Stankins
December 16, 2016 at 12:55 pm
There’s a “Disclaimer” button up in the menu above. If you click it, it tells you the following:
National Report is a news and political satire web publication, which may or may not use real names, often in semi-real or mostly fictitious ways. All news articles contained within National Report are fiction, and presumably fake news. Any resemblance to the truth is purely coincidental. Advice given is NOT to be construed as professional. If you are in need of professional help, please consult a professional. National Report is not intended for children under the age of 18.
It says it right there. If you are in need of professional help, please consult a professional. You should contact Sherlock Holmes to help you with your investigation. He can help you blow this whole case wide open!
Reply

wootrump
December 6, 2016 at 9:51 am
WOO TRUMP I CANT WAIT UNTIL WE CAN KILL THEM LIBERALS! AND STOP THAT GLOBALISM! STOP THE TRACKING! HA WE WON! HA!
Reply

wootrump
December 6, 2016 at 9:51 am
WOOI CANT WAIT UNTIL WE CAN KILL THEM LIBERALS! AND STOP THAT GLOBALISM! STOP THE TRACKING! HA WE WON! HA!
Reply

HECKYEAH
December 6, 2016 at 9:52 am
GO NP EXPOSE THOSE LIBERALS AND THEIR FEMA DEATH CAMPS!
Reply

stopfema20
December 6, 2016 at 9:53 am
Obamas fema death camps r real! Cant wait for trump to take office and use those camps correctly!
Reply

Jeff
December 15, 2016 at 7:26 am
It’s been over two weeks since the National Report published a piece of quality journalism. What’s the holdup?
Reply
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
Nigel Covington, Editor-in-Chief
December 15, 2016 at 9:01 am
Jeff,
~
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you sir. We understand the need for quality journalism in everyone’s life and recognize our responsibility to our millions of readers and subscribers to deliver honest, fact-based news pieces. We hope to resume with business as usual shortly.
~
Thank you,
~
Nigel
Reply
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS







03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME POLITICS PUNXSUTAWNEY PHIL PREDICTS FOUR MORE YEARS OF SNOWFLAKES
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Posted about 2 months ago | 0 comment
 323
Email

(Alan Freed / Shutterstock, Inc)
Punxsutawney, PA – The handlers of Pennsylvania’s most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, said the furry whiskered rodent saw his shadow early Thursday morning, predicting four more years of insufferable snowflakes.

The top hat-wearing cult members of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club reveal Phil’s forecast every February 2nd, based on a German legend surrounding Candlemas.

Thousands gathered overnight on Gobbler’s Knob, a tiny hill just outside of town. Folk music and fireworks displays went on long into the night.

The groundhog’s prediction is typically contained in a short poem, often times based on current events. This year, Phil’s official decree touched on a subject on everyone’s mind, the newly elected 45th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

“It’s mighty cold weather, you’ve been braving. Is it a peaceful future you are craving? The seer of seers says play your Trump card, be not intimidated by angry libtards,” the proclamation read. “Since you’ve been up all night and starting to shake, I see four more years of whiny, entitled snowflakes.”

As aficionados of the ritual will know, that means we’re in for at least four more years of protests, trigger warnings and safe spaces.

God help us all.

Tags: Candlemas, Donald Trump, Gobbler’s Knob, groundhog, Libtards, Punxsutawney, Punxsutawney Phil, snowflakes, The seer of seers, Trump card
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson
Shane Paulson is a pioneer in the field of mobile journalism. Logging millions of miles in his heavily modified Volkswagen Bug camper, Shane has dedicated his life to going wherever the story takes him. When not boondocking across the U.S. & Canada, Shane calls Green Bay, WI, home.
View all posts by Shane Paulson →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS







03252017Headline:
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Min...
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters
Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’
Obama Wants To Be A ‘Private Sector Gun Grabber’ When He Leaves Office
Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar!’ Before Photobomb
Area Mall Offering 10% Discount to Non-Active Shooters
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Man Shouts ‘Allahu Akbar’ Before Blowing Up Friend’s Inbox
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Sarah Palin Calls for an End to Women’s Suffrage: “We’ve Suffered Enough!”
Sarah Palin Wants Afghans Banned From America’s Armchairs, Sofas, Beds & Attics

Search this site...
Go
NATIONAL REPORT
AMERICA'S #1 INDEPENDENT NEWS SOURCE
HOME
BUSINESS
CRIME
EDUCATION
ENTERTAINMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL
GREATEST HITS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIVE
LIFESTYLE
MEDIA
OPINION
POLITICS
RELIGION
SCIENCE/TECH
SPORTS
TERRORISM
THE COVINGTON REPORT
WORLD
ADVERTISE WITH NR
CONTRIBUTE
DISCLAIMER
FAN MAIL
MEDIA INQUIRIES
RSSEMAILTWITTERFACEBOOK
HOME SPORTS ATLANTA FALCONS WIN POPULAR VOTE, STILL LOSE SUPER BOWL LI
Atlanta Falcons Win Popular Vote, Still Lose Super Bowl LI
Posted about 2 months ago | 0 comment
 94
Email

(dean bertoncelj / Shutterstock, Inc.)
<Houston, TX> The results of Super Bowl LI are in, and the winner is the New England Patriots.

After pulling out to an early 28-3 lead, Atlanta allowed the Patriots to reel off 25 consecutive points to tie the game and secure an overtime period (the first in Super Bowl history).

Although the Falcons outpaced the Patriots by nearly millions of fans, according to Nielsen ratings released late this evening, the Patriots pulled of an amazing comeback to win in overtime by a score of 34-28.

“We all brought each other back,” said quarterback Tom Brady, who was named Super Bowl M.V.P. for a record fourth time. “We never felt out of it.”

At the end, Brady completed 43 of 62 passes for 466 yards and two touchdowns.

For his part, Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan appeared unstoppable through the first three quarters with plenty of help from the Falcons defense.

The game became political after President Donald Trump chose to side with the Patriots setting off a firestorm of left wing hacks to back the Falcons in an Anti-American move to simply spite the President.  The famed commercials aired during the game added to the sentiment of a large number of Americans unhappy with the direction taken by the Trump administration.

Trump, who is famously friendly with the team’s owner (Robert Kraft), coach (Bill Belichick) and quarterback (Tom Brady), gave up on his Super Bowl favorites after the team went down 28-3 in the second half and left his Trump International Golf Party in West Palm Beach, Florida.  Trump would later tweet “What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots.  Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners.  Wow.”

In response to the lose, liberals launched the hashtag #NotMyOvertime.

 

 

Tags: #POTUS, #SB51, Donald Trump, NE Patriots, New England Patriots, Patriots, super bowl, Tom Brady
Chase Logan
Chase Logan
Chase Logan is a graduate of Georgetown Law and current Washington insider. Chase works the Hill tirelessly in search of the next "Big Scoop" and has been the first to break some of the most salacious of DC stories from sexual indescretions to executive cover-ups. Beginning his political career in high school, Chase has been pursuing truth in politics since his early days at the Young Republication National Federation. Connect with Chase at https://www.facebook.com/chase.logan.9469
View all posts by Chase Logan →
What Next?
Retweet this post on Twitter
Like this post on Facebook
StumbleUpon this post
Digg this post
Bookmark on del.icio.us
Related Articles
Trump Reports World Record 39 Under Par, 12 Holes-in-One, During Golf Outing with Japanese Prime Minister
Punxsutawney Phil Predicts Four More Years of Snowflakes
Flint Tap Water Rated More Trustworthy than Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’
‘Wounded Social Justice Warrior Project’ Rebuilds Hope; Sense of Purpose
Leave a Reply
 
 Name (Required)

 Mail (will not be published) (Required)

 Website

Submit Comment
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE TO NATIONAL REPORT
Enter your email address to subscribe to National Report and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address 
Email Address
 Subscribe
© 2017 National Report. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS 
EMERGENCY ALERT: ELITES TRYING TO KILL TRUMP? 
Trump nears point of first term when Reagan was shot as celebs make death threats.
An attempt was made on President Reagan’s life only two months into his first term, and so far with all the security breaches – and the celebrities selling the idea it’s “cool” to kill Trump – are we seeing history repeat itself?
UBER SELF-DRIVING VEHICLE INVOLVED IN ARIZONA CRASH.
Uber’s self-driving cars began picking up customers in Arizona last month.
A self-driving car operated by Uber Technologies Inc. was involved in a crash in Tempe, Arizona, the latest setback for a company reeling from multiple crises.

In a photo posted on Twitter, one of Uber’s Volvo self-driving SUVs is pictured on its side next to another car with dents and smashed windows. An Uber spokeswoman confirmed the incident, and the veracity of the photo, in an email to Bloomberg News.
The spokeswoman could not immediately confirm if there were any injuries, or whether the car was carrying passengers. Uber’s self-driving cars began picking up customers in Arizona last month.
Uber, and Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, are under scrutiny because of a series of scandals. The ride-hailing company has been accused of operating a sexist workplace. This month, the New York Times reported that Uber used a tool called Greyball to help drivers evade government regulators and enforcement officials. And Kalanick said he needed “leadership help” after Bloomberg published a video showing him arguing with an Uber driver.
Al Gore: I’ve Got 10 GOP Senators Ready To Fight Trump On Global Warming.
Judge Sides With Trump Administration, Refuses To Block Travel Ban.
Stone: Obama To Be Brought Down By Illegal Spying.
Video: Democrats Admit Plan To Have Refugees Vote.
Former NSA Chief: Obama Illegally Surveilled Trump.
Exclusive: Benghazi Hero’s Warning To Democrats To Stop.
Former Vice President Al Gore claimed 10 Republican senators are ready to turn on President Donald Trump on global warming policy.
“There’s a new development, there are now 30 Republican members of the House of Representatives who have changed sides on this issue and have become part of a group committed to solving the climate crisis,” Gore told The Independent. “There are about 10 Republican senators who right now are considering changing sides, a couple already have.”
Gore did not identify who these ready-to-defect Republican lawmakers are, but said with their help, “we are going to win this, there’s no question about that,” and that “[h]istory is on our side.”
He made these remarks at an event in the United Kingdom, where he previewed his new film, “An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power.”
Gore also argued Trump wouldn’t be able to stop the environmental movement.
“He [Trump] is seemingly determined to eliminate all of the Government programs that he can eliminate that would help the US reach its goals but the speed and force of this transformation underway in the West may lead to the achievement of the US goals regardless of what he does,” Gore said.
Gore supported former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential campaign, leading outreach for young voters who were thinking of voting for a third party.
After the elections, he met with Trump and his daughter Ivanka to talk about global warming policy.
JUDGE SIDES WITH TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, REFUSES TO BLOCK TRAVEL BAN

Found Trump within his legal rights to impose travel ban and it is not discriminatory toward Muslims.
Judge Sides With Trump Administration, Refuses To Block Travel Ban
IMAGE CREDITS: DUSHAN HANUSKA/FLICKR.
452
A federal judge in Virginia ruled Friday against blocking President Trump’s executive order that called for temporarily stopping the entry of immigrants from six majority-Muslim nations and refugee admittance overall.
The decision against the injunction comes after federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked the implementation of Trump’s executive order nationwide. The ruling in Maryland is set to be heard before an appeals court in May. These two past decisions keep the order at bay.
Judge Anthony Trenga of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia found that Trump was within his legal rights to impose the travel ban and that it was not discriminatory toward Muslims. The injunction had been brought forward by Palestinian activist Linda Sarsour, who was represented by an attorney from the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
Trenga, a George W. Bush appointee, wrote in his opinion that “the President has unqualified authority to bar physical entry to the United States at the border.” He said that the executive order makes no mention of religion and has a “state secular purpose” of protecting U.S. citizens from terrorist attacks.
STONE: OBAMA TO BE BROUGHT DOWN BY ILLEGAL SPYING

Republican operative says Obama will be held accountable for illegally monitoring Trump campaign communications.
FORMER NSA CHIEF: OBAMA ILLEGALLY SURVEILLED TRUMP

NSA whistleblower reveals how intelligence agencies intercepted Trump's phone calls.
15112
Former NSA head William Binney joins Alex Jones to break down what sort of surveillance Donald Trump was actually under.
Alex Jones also spoke with Larry Klayman about the deep state’s ongoing coup against President Trump.
EXCLUSIVE: BENGHAZI HERO’S WARNING TO DEMOCRATS TO STOP

US veteran and private security contractor breaks down left's attempts to foment a civil war.
Benghazi hero Kris “Tanto” Paronto gives the Democrats a warning that they do not want the violence to continue.
Also, watch Paronto warn George Soros his days are numbered.
The haves and have nots of the next, gritty era of aftermath will be those who have the means to survive when the system has failed, and those who do not.
Ultimately, no one can stop what is coming.
The haves and have nots of the next, gritty era of aftermath will be those who have the means to survive when the system has failed, and those who do not.
For the wealthy, and prepper minded elite, hidden fortified layers purchased for insurance will preserve most of the luxuries of life above ground, and in the cities, even as society crumbles and burns to the ground.
Others, without the means to purchase these luxuries, may have still set aside the necessary materials to live and thrive after a great collapse, where anything and everything from the electric grid, to the fuel supply to the food supply will fail.
There will be tens of millions of starving, angry and bewildered people who face endangerment and extinction, and there will be a few who succeed not only in planning ahead, but in laying low enough to avoid being noticed and picked off by looters, marauders and misguided authorities.
Finding the perfect location for your redoubt, and making your preps to get away if need be, amount to something of an art and a science. Nothing is guaranteed, everything has its advantages and disadvantaged, but just by doing anything at all, you’ll be way ahead of the masses.
If the plans of the elite are anything to consider, they have decked out their bunkers with mementos and reminders of normal life, and not only enough to supplies not to feel the pain of a crumbling infrastructure, but to be distracted by the illusion of normalcy even in times of ultimate crisis.
But ultimately, all successful redoubts invest in the means to provide for long-term survival and maximum self-sufficiency.
Most “shelters” include enough food for a year or more, and many have hydroponic gardens to supplement. The developers also work hard to create “well-rounded communities with a range of skills necessary for long-term survival, from doctors to teachers.” (During the 2016 elections, Vivos received a flurry of interest in its shelters from both liberals and conservatives and completely sold out of spaces in its community shelters.)
Many of the interiors are left as a blank slate so that each owner can create what they are looking for in terms of comfort and luxury- and it all comes at a cost. Base models can start at $25,000 and go up to almost $5 million dollars. Their footprints also vary from quaint to 5000 square feet.It isn’t just happening in the United States, but all over the world. And while the fastest growing part of this sector clearly caters to the rich and well adjusted, many shelters are also being constructed to house millions of masses during emergencies – at least in places like China, Switzerland and Russia.
The Oppidum, billed as “the largest billionaire bunker in the world.” This top-secret facility, once a joint project between the former Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia (now the Czech Republic and Slovakia), was built over 10 years beginning in 1984. The premiere apocalypse dwelling is a place that billionaires can live out the horrors of the apocalypse- be it zombie or other- in luxury with every amenity you could ever hope for.
[…] Retail firm Survival Condos offers refuge at a re-purposed missile silo in Kansas, United States. The luxury apartments here are stacked underground and protected by blast doors designed to withstand explosions. Retail firm Survival Condos offers refuge at a re-purposed missile silo in Kansas, United States. The luxury apartments here are stacked underground and protected by blast doors designed to withstand explosions.”
[…] Vivos Europa One, in Rothenstein, is one of Germany’s largest repurposing projects. The 76-acre former Soviet bunker is capable of withstanding a nuclear blast, a direct plane crash or biological attack. It is being transformed into 34 five-star apartments, starting at 2,500 sq ft, which aim to protect the super-rich from any forthcoming apocalypse.
Self-sustaining communities or networks of individuals can also plan around their budgets to make these concepts a reality. Many companies will customize and scale down projects to costs as low as $25,000… while basic home fortification and DIY applications can be done for much less money.
In the end, those who prepared when nothing happened are only out what they invested on the principle of having a viable back-up insurance plan.
But those who didn’t prepare for the worst when it did happen could very quickly lose everything they have, and many will perish during the next major crisis – which could be triggered at this point by almost anything.
RAND PAUL TAKES VICTORY LAP ON GOP HEALTH BILL

“I applaud House conservatives for keeping their word to the American people,” Paul said in a statement.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) quickly declared victory on Friday, praising conservatives for “standing up against ObamaCare Lite.” 
“I applaud House conservatives for keeping their word to the American people,” Paul said in a statement.
Republican leaders pulled their bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare on Friday afternoon, acknowledging that it was headed toward defeat.
Paul — who has been a top antagonist of the House bill — added that “I look forward to passing full repeal of ObamaCare in the very near future.”
Paul and other House conservatives have offered an alternative repeal bill that mirrors 2015 legislation cleared by Congress but vetoed by then-President Barack Obama.
HILLARY CLINTON AND NANCY PELOSI RESPOND TO HEALTHCARE BILL BEING PULLED

Remember their words and Nancy’s jump when Obamacare implodes and it gets even worse.
It may be, ultimately a victory, because we wouldn’t have Obamacare lite. But Hillary had nothing to do with the bill being defeated, so it had nothing to do with her “fight.”
What beat it was the GOP Freedom Caucus getting enough Republicans to say no.
So no, don’t be celebrating too much.
Remember their words and Nancy’s jump when Obamacare implodes and it gets even worse.
LAWRENCE O’DONNELL CALLS TRUMP ‘LAZIEST, MOST IGNORANT PRESIDENT’

"The president is saying to you on the front page of the New York Times tomorrow: ‘I quit, and I quit in the Senate.”
Never one to miss a chance to slam President Donald Trump, Lawrence O’Donnell — host of The Last Word, a weeknight program on MSNBC — called the Republican occupant of the White House “the laziest, most ignorant president in history.”
Of course, he had an entirely different opinion of former Democratic President Barack Obama, who “never once said something like this in the crusade to get that thing passed because he knew how to stay with it and get it passed.”
The liberal host began the discussion by criticizing the American Health Care Act, the House GOP bill intended to replace Obamacare and the differing opinions on the bill held by the president and the Republicans who have a majority of members in the Senate and the House of Representatives.

O’Donnell stated:
That’s why this is so devastating. If you are a House Republican, and this is a tough vote for you, the president is saying to you on the front page of the New York Times tomorrow: ‘I quit, and I quit in the Senate.”
“I do not have the patience or the ability to stay focused on this and get it through the Senate, which is much harder than getting it through the House.”
Panelist Steven Brill, an American lawyer and journalist who wrote a book on health care entitled America’s Bitter Pill, responded: “I agree with you, but let’s put one thing in perspective.”
“As someone who watched Obamacare,” Brill stated, “it took 15 months. It was dead at least ten different times. Even if it doesn’t pass tomorrow, they could do something else and they could come back to it, and they might.”
LONDON TERROR ATTACKER ‘WAS NOT LONE WOLF’
Part of a wider conspiracy, security officials believe.
The terrorist Khalid Masood was not a “lone wolf” and others had played a key part in indoctrinating him and helping to carry out Wednesday’s deadly attacks in London, security officials believe.
The disclosure that the British-born Muslim convert was likely to have been part of a wider conspiracy came as armed police detained 11 people in raids across the country with two of the arrests, including that of a woman, described as “significant” in the investigation.
Three cars were also taken away for forensic examination. Police are still hunting associates of Masood who are believed to be linked to the Westminster attack.
It has also emerged that 52-year-old Masood used the Whatsapp messaging service just minutes before he smashed his hired Hyundai car into the railings at the Houses of Parliament.GOOGLE AND SOCIAL MEDIA COMPANIES COULD BE PROSECUTED IF THEY SHOW EXTREMIST VIDEOS

“The ball is now in their court. We will see how they respond.”
Google, Facebook and other internet companies could be prosecuted if they do not stop extremist videos from being seen on their websites by people in Britain, The Daily Telegraph can disclose.
Ministers are considering a new law which would mean Google – which owns YouTube – and other social media sites like Facebook and Twitter can be prosecuted if they allow such videos to be disseminated.
Theresa May, the Prime Minister, made clear her displeasure at internet companies that publish extremist content on Friday, saying “the ball is in their court” over taking action.
Google publicly apologised this week after the growing scandal over extremist videos on YouTube led to a series of companies pulling their adverts from the internet giant.
Google, which owns the video sharing website YouTube, and other social media sites have an agreement to take down extremist content within 24 hours when they are alerted to it.
But ministers are worried that this still allows the videos to be viewed thousands of times before they are taken down.
SHOCK VIDEO: WOMAN RAPED BY ILLEGAL TESTIFIES AGAINST ‘SANCTUARY STATE’ BILL

'Stop trying to blur the difference between illegal and legal’.
A woman in California delivered powerful testimony last week arguing against SB-54, a measure which restricts local and state law enforcement agencies from cooperating with federal immigration officers.
Lupe Moreno of Redding, Cali., addressed the bill before the Senate Appropriations Committee claiming its passage would endanger children throughout the entire state.
“I’m also representing the angel mothers whose children have been slaughtered in our communities, especially cities like Salinas, Cali., and Santa Ana, Cali.”
Moreno went on to cite sections of the US Constitution which tasks the federal government with protecting the states from “invasion.”
“Article VI, Section 4 of the United States shall guarantee to every state in the nation a republican form [of government] and shall protect each against invasion and domestic violence,” Moreno stated.
“Our beautiful children have been sacrificed at the altar of elected officials and non-profits as we can see how many non-profits are making money off of our dead children.”
“I have it on good authority, our side wins! Even with all that that you have, our side wins, because you have weeping mothers not only in California but throughout the United States now. It’s not here, it’s everywhere now.”
“Stop trying to blur the difference between illegal and legal. There’s a big difference. We’re Americans – we live the American culture and we have the American spirit. We don’t steal, we don’t lie and we don’t take other people’s things.”
Moreno then pointed out that those deported get to go on living, while many victims of illegal alien violence suffer long-standing trauma, or even death.
Toward the end of her testimony, Moreno revealed why she’s so passionate about the issue.
“I am a victim of illegal immigration. I was molested as a child – as I know that you were Richard,” she says, addressing a board member. “How dare you side with the other side, how dare you. I was pregnant by 14. I had five children by the time I was 22 – by an illegal alien. And I married him. So my city is a ‘Sanctuary city.’ I live in fear, horror and terror.”
“We’re going to plaster our dead children’s pictures all over the state and we’re gonna let them know what government elected officials have let the slaughter of our children happen in California and all these cities. It’s a disgrace, a total disgrace. I ask you to vote ‘no’ on 54.”
SB-54 is currently still making its way through the California state senate.
RSS Feed for Infowars
Breaking news from Infowars.com.
Emergency Alert: Elites Trying to Kill Trump?
Kit Daniels | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 15:48:55 +0000
Trump nears point of first term when Reagan was shot as celebs make death threats
Uber Self-Driving Vehicle Involved in Arizona Crash
Bloomberg | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 14:02:43 +0000
Uber’s self-driving cars began picking up customers in Arizona last month.
Al Gore: I’ve Got 10 GOP Senators Ready To Fight Trump On Global Warming
The Independent | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:59:47 +0000
'We are going to win this, there’s no question about that.'
Photos Of Beautiful Women Posted By James Woods
Infowars.com | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:55:19 +0000
James Woods slams leftists on Twitter.
Judge Sides With Trump Administration, Refuses To Block Travel Ban
Alex Pfeiffer | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:47:18 +0000
Found Trump within his legal rights to impose travel ban and it is not discriminatory toward Muslims.
Stone: Obama To Be Brought Down By Illegal Spying
Infowars.com | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:45:22 +0000
Republican operative says Obama will be held accountable for illegally monitoring Trump campaign communications.
Video: Democrats Admit Plan To Have Refugees Vote
Infowars.com | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:41:26 +0000
Footage shows Democrat operative admitting illegals strongly encouraged to vote dem.
Former NSA Chief: Obama Illegally Surveilled Trump
Infowars.com | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:37:41 +0000
NSA whistleblower reveals how intelligence agencies intercepted Trump's phone calls.
Exclusive: Benghazi Hero’s Warning To Democrats To Stop
Infowars.com | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 13:31:48 +0000
US veteran and private security contractor breaks down left's attempts to foment a civil war.
There Will Be Those Who Perish In the Next Crisis, And Those “Who Survive In Underground Luxury”
Mac Slavo | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 12:36:50 +0000
The haves and have nots of the next, gritty era of aftermath will be those who have the means to survive when the system has failed, and those who do not.
Rand Paul takes victory lap on GOP health bill
The Hill | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 12:29:14 +0000
“I applaud House conservatives for keeping their word to the American people,” Paul said in a statement.
Hillary Clinton And Nancy Pelosi Respond To Healthcare Bill Being Pulled
Weasel Zippers | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 12:25:54 +0000
Remember their words and Nancy’s jump when Obamacare implodes and it gets even worse.
Lawrence O’Donnell Calls Trump ‘Laziest, Most Ignorant President’
Newsbusters | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 12:22:24 +0000
"The president is saying to you on the front page of the New York Times tomorrow: ‘I quit, and I quit in the Senate.”
London terror attacker ‘was not lone wolf’
London Independent | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 12:19:13 +0000
Part of a wider conspiracy, security officials believe.
Google and social media companies could be prosecuted if they show extremist videos
London Telegraph | Sat, 25 Mar 2017 12:15:03 +0000
“The ball is now in their court. We will see how they respond.”
Shock Video: Woman Raped by Illegal Testifies Against ‘Sanctuary State’ Bill
Adan Salazar | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 23:27:45 +0000
'Stop trying to blur the difference between illegal and legal.'
Paul Joseph Watson: My Last Ever YouTube Video?
Paul Joseph Watson | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 23:17:54 +0000
Your favorite YouTube channels could be about to disappear.
Survivor of Benghazi: Military Needs to Defend Against Trump Coup
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 22:43:26 +0000
U.S. hero calls for Trump to be protected from globalist attack.
Is Inbreeding A Root Cause Of Radical Islamic Terror?
Infowars.com | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 22:37:38 +0000
Surprising statistics show high percentages of inbreeding in Islamic countries.
Mind Control: Hive & Individual
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 22:29:31 +0000
Dr. Nick Begich reveals how the elite purposely dumb down and control populations.
Amnesty Advocates Claim ICE Raids “Retaliation” Against Sanctuary Cities
Clifford Cunningham | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 22:17:35 +0000
Seven sanctuary cities hold 10% of illegal immigrant population
COULTER: Trump Must Focus On Core Promises, Reject Paul Ryan Agenda
Dan Lyman | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 22:14:02 +0000
Ryan is not on Trump's side
FAKE NEWS: Congresswoman Interviewed “Live” By CNN and MSNBC – At Same Time
Dan Lyman | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 22:09:39 +0000
Failing media caught in another massive lie
Blue Lives Matter Flag Taken Down For Being ‘Racist’
Infowars.com | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 21:55:17 +0000
Homeowners Association forces homeowner to take down the flag.
Feminist: Some Women “Have Penises,” You’re “CisSexist” If You Disagree
Kit Daniels | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 20:19:08 +0000
Gender isn’t as simple as just the genitals you have, activist claims
Live Update On Death of Obamacare 2.0
Infowars.com | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 20:16:29 +0000
Paul Ryan's efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare foiled.
Tucker Slams Rockville Rape Defense Lawyer: Before God, You Better Be Sure You’re Right
Kelen McBreen | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 19:07:57 +0000
Lawyer defending alleged rapists questions character of young victim... a lot like Hillary did.
A Note to Our Listening, Viewing and Reading Audiences Concerning Pizzagate Coverage
Alex Jones | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 19:04:50 +0000
We regret any negative impact our commentaries may have had on Mr. Alefantis, Comet Ping Pong, or its employees
Pope Francis says the EU ‘risks dying’
Harry Cockburn | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:39:45 +0000
The pontiff called for greater European solidarity as an 'antidote to modern forms of populism.'
Stone Volunteers to Testify to House Intel Committee
Jerome Corsi | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:35:17 +0000
Trump insider not afraid to confront fake accusations
Networks Censor Rape Story Involving Illegal Immigrant, but Gave 11 Minutes in Two Days to Fake UVA Rape
Curtis Houck | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:32:00 +0000
14-year-old girl raped in a high school.
Singapore in Talks with Firms to Try Out ‘flying taxis’
Business Times | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:24:06 +0000
Transport Ministry looks at aerial taxis and on-demand dynamic-routing bus services for the future.
FBI Posed as Filmmakers to Infiltrate Bundy Supporters
Jamie White | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:15:27 +0000
FBI sting creates chilling effect on free speech
New Cancer Test Detects Tumors And Their Location From Routine Blood Samples
Josh Keefe | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:14:14 +0000
It detected cancer 80 percent of the time while delivering a false positive less than one percent of the time
Trump meets with broadband CEO, Texas gov on infrastructure
Ali Breland | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:11:25 +0000
Trump has said that an infrastructure package is one of his major priorities
Border Agent ‘100% Positive’ Even a Partial Wall Can ‘Secure the Border’
Craig Bannister | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:05:16 +0000
Border agents patching holes in border fence left by illegal border-crossers “on a daily basis"
Future of Hollywood–China Relationship in Question
Sarah Le | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 18:00:03 +0000
Censorship, capital restrictions, and 'socialist core values' mar US–China film deals
Egypt’s Toppled President Mubarak Freed After 6-year Detention
Reuters | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:55:26 +0000
The 88-year-old was cleared of the final murder charges against him
Yemen Moves From Crisis to Brink of Disaster
Joshua Philipp | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:53:19 +0000
70 percent of Yemenites currently rely on humanitarian aid to survive
Brothers Choke and Beat Michigan Trooper, Good Samaritans Fight Them Off
Fox 2 Detroit | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:39:40 +0000
Good Samaritans who stopped to help as he was being attacked following a chase.
Nebraska Democrat Party Includes Voter Registration Forms in Refugee Welcome Baskets
Kit Daniels | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:27:15 +0000
Refugee Welcome Basket used to register illegal voters
Healthcare Bill Might Get Yanked from House Floor
Jonathan Swan | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:14:35 +0000
Whip team is still short on votes...
Rockefeller’s Healthcare System And Their Road To Population Control
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:11:05 +0000
The plan to eliminate millions of humans has been written about for decades.
EMERGENCY: Democrats Running Out Of Options, Moving Towards Martial Law
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 17:02:22 +0000
Establishment shills gather to protect their special interests from being dismantled by Trump.
Muslims Demand The Queen Convert Or Leave England
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 16:44:30 +0000
Islam begins its takeover of England.
Man Who Predicted Globalist Agenda Speaks Out
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 16:38:58 +0000
Also, find out what the elite have planned for the next decade.
Pathetic Democrats To Filibuster Supreme Court Nominee Gorsuch
Jon Bowne | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 16:26:03 +0000
Dems sabotage Trump's Supreme Court nominee as expected.
Report: Steve Bannon Says American Health Care Act ‘Written by the Insurance Industry’
Breitbart | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 16:21:54 +0000
Does not go as far as Bannon would wish to “deconstruct the administrative state” in the realm of health care.
Terminally Ill Veteran Has A Message For Trump
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 16:15:58 +0000
Paul Ryan's healthcare plan will leave millions of veterans ineligible for coverage .
Russia: 6 Militants, 6 Soldiers Killed in Chechen firefight
Reuters | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:58:43 +0000
Unemployment and corruption pushing some young men in wider North Caucasus region to embrace radical Islam.
Russia Reserves Right to Meet any French Politician it Wants To – Putin to Le Pen
RT.com | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:58:28 +0000
Putin underlined the necessity to unite against terrorism, citing common threats for both Russia and France.
Rep. Nunes: ‘I had a duty and obligation’ to tell Trump of Surveillance Intel
Fox News | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:57:32 +0000
'There are some things that [Trump] should look at to see whether in fact he thinks the collection was proper or not.'
Manafort Volunteers for Interviews with Intelligence Committees
The Hill | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:57:00 +0000
Intelligence committees probe former Trump campaign manager's ties to Russia.
Steve Pieczenik: Neocons Want To Destroy America
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:55:41 +0000
Also, find out why Gorsuch is dangerous and can't be trusted.
Globalists Attempt To Destroy Nigel Farage
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:45:30 +0000
Farage under attack for speaking the truth.
California National Guard Called in to Help Remove 4,000 Tons of Snow From Mammoth
Los Angeles Times | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:41:59 +0000
Five-day offensive involved 17 air and Army troops...
Report: ICE Targeting ‘sanctuary cities’ with Raids
CNN | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:39:18 +0000
Administration unhappy with local agencies limiting cooperation on detentions.
Trump Approves Keystone Pipeline
Timothy Cama | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:35:30 +0000
Clears hurdle for project that Obama rejected in 2015.
Sick: ISIS Strap Suicide Vest to 7-year-old Boy
George Mills | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:33:52 +0000
Footage shows Iraqi security forces disarming suicide vest strapped to young boy.
DISGUSTING: Muslims Laugh About London Terror Attack
The Alex Jones Show | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 15:20:38 +0000
Religion of peace celebrates online after horrific terror attack.
Trump & InfoWars Accused of Espionage
Infowars Nightly News | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 14:58:28 +0000
Globalist controlled establishment set to attack the patriot movement.
More Evidence Of Collusion Between Hillary And Google Than Russia And Trump
Infowars Nightly News | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 14:49:41 +0000
Attempts to connect Trump to Russia continue to fail.
‘Hunt & Kill All White Women’ Facebook Post Deemed Not Hate Speech
Paul Joseph Watson | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 14:09:42 +0000
Shocking double standard of social network giant exposed yet again.
Spicer: There’s More Evidence CNN Colluded With Hillary Than Russia With Trump
Steve Watson | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 13:22:05 +0000
DNC chair supplied CNN debate questions to the Clinton campaign ahead of time - and she still lost.
Erdogan: Keep Calling Me ‘Dictator’ – I’ll Keep Calling You ‘Nazis’
RT | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 13:00:51 +0000
Islamofascist projects his ideology onto European leaders
Putin Meets Le Pen at Kremlin, Vows ‘Not To Interfere’ In Election
Zero Hedge | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 13:00:09 +0000
Russian leader acknowledged Le Pen as fast-growing force
Potential ‘smoking gun’ showing Obama administration spied on Trump team, source says
Fox News | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 12:54:03 +0000
The intelligence is said to leave no doubt the Obama administration, in its closing days, was using the cover of legitimate surveillance on foreign targets to spy on President-elect Trump.
String of Dead Russians Continues As Witness and Putin Critic Executed: “Typical Show Execution”
Mac Slavo | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 12:32:45 +0000
A deep state war is going on.
Brussels Mayor: All of our Mosques are controlled by radical Islamists
Westmonster | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 12:23:24 +0000
“Everyone knows that all mosques in Brussels are in the hands of Salafists.”
Globalist Gangster Juncker Threatens Trump With War If European Union Collapses
Daily Express | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 12:20:18 +0000
EU chief warns President not to encourage more Brexits
BUCHANAN: An Obama Plot to Sabotage Trump?
Pat Buchanan | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 12:12:35 +0000
We need to unearth the deep state conspiracy to sabotage a presidency
Three Million Migrants Waiting to Cross into Greece, Says EU Commissioner Avramopoulos
Greek Reporter | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 12:00:23 +0000
Thousand of migrants are already bottlenecked.
Trump Was Right: Jewish Teen Arrested For Bomb Threats To Jewish Centers
Chris Menahan | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 11:40:28 +0000
President Trump was viciously attacked in February for suggesting the threats may have been a false flag to "make people look bad."
Member Of Congress Warns Of A 1,000 Point Stock Market Crash If Obamacare Lite Does Not Pass
Michael Snyder | Fri, 24 Mar 2017 11:37:04 +0000
On Thursday, a vote on the Republican healthcare bill was postponed once it became clear that there would not be enough votes for it to pass.
Police: Repeatedly deported MS-13 gang member sexually assaulted 2-year-old girl
Frank Eltman | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 23:36:14 +0000
Officer says alleged crime is "probably the most heinous criminal act I've ever seen. It really is nauseating"
Terror Attack Du Jour
David Knight | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:59:44 +0000
Why are terror attacks in Europe happening so frequently?
Former Muslim: Islamists Emboldened by PC Culture
Adan Salazar | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:53:58 +0000
'The Islamists want one thing and that is a Sharia compliant society.'
Obamacare Co-Op Projects $39 Million Loss, Citing Problems With Risk Adjustment Program
Ali Meyer | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:38:54 +0000
Just 5 of 23 original co-ops still offer Obamacare plans
‘I love Trucks’: President Trump Talks Obamacare with Truck Drivers Associations
Infowars.com | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:34:38 +0000
President listens to leaders of trucking industry.
House Passes Bill to Roll Back Obama-Era VA Gun Regulations
Stephen Gutowski | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:30:41 +0000
Hundreds of thousands of veterans could regain gun rights
Federal Law Enforcement Resources Overwhelmingly Spent on Immigration Crime
Natalie Johnson | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:23:38 +0000
Half of federal law enforcement arrests in 2014 were immigration-related crimes
Hacks On Job-Assisting Company Puts Nearly 5 Million Americans At Risk Of Identity Theft
John Walsh | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:21:47 +0000
Personal information exposed included customers’ names, Social Security numbers, and birthdays
Manufacturing Saw Best Monthly Performance In Six Years
Lydia O'Neal | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:18:44 +0000
Industry Activity Saw Best Monthly Performance Since March 2011, Fed Report Says
Senate Republicans Just Sold You Out to Advertisers
Sam Biddle | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 22:13:39 +0000
"They shouldn’t be able to profit off of the information about what you search for, read about, purchase, and more without your consent"
Watch: Why Muslims Become Radicalized
Infowars.com | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 20:08:16 +0000
How to confront the radical Islam problem head on
WikiLeaks’ ‘Dark Matter’ Dump Shows CIA’s iPhone, MacBook Hacks
Mikael Thalen | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 19:43:59 +0000
Tools designed to target Apple firmware, allowing persistent compromise of devices
Belgian Security Forces Foil Car Attack
WSJ | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 19:43:12 +0000
Suspect named Mohamed
Pentagon Denies Trying To Shelve Study That Found $125 Billion In Waste
Zero Hedge | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 19:38:20 +0000
DoD didn't bother to make cuts
Apple paid no tax in New Zealand over past decade – report
RT | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 19:33:44 +0000
Apple part of global elite network
Former Russian lawmaker shot dead in central Kiev (GRAPHIC VIDEO)
RT | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 19:30:27 +0000
Political assassination?
Globalism Is In Its Death Throes!
Infowars.com | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 19:18:41 +0000
Trump administration is doing irreversible damage to the globalist system.
Patriots Answer The Rallying Call
The Alex Jones Show | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:59:04 +0000
The battle to free humanity from the shackles of the globalists is at a tipping point.
Millions Of Veterans Will Be Screwed If This Happens
Lee Ann Mcadoo | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:49:49 +0000
Paul Ryan's Obamacare light healthcare plan is total garbage.
Google “Steps Up Efforts” To Financially Attack Free Press
The Alex Jones Show | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:41:14 +0000
Tech-giant attacks alternative news with financial threats.
With Sears’ future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back
CNBC | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:40:59 +0000
Historic retailers faces bankruptcy
For Keynesians and Austrians, “Uncertainty” Means Two Different Things
Mises.org | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:35:47 +0000
Why Keynesian economics leads to out-of-control government
Trump ‘Somewhat’ Vindicated Over Nunes Intel/David Brock Suffers Heart Attack
The Alex Jones Show | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:18:28 +0000
After media calls Trump a liar over wiretapping claims, he's proven right.
CNN Investigates: Is Trump Afraid of Stairs?
Mark Dice | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 18:03:14 +0000
Another example of why network considered "very fake news."
Terror Attacks Will Continue Under The Name Political Correctness
Infowars Nightly News | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 17:23:39 +0000
As long as people are afraid to stand up against radical Islam.
Coup Plans Discovered Inside State Dept By Obama Sleeper Cells
The Alex Jones Show | Thu, 23 Mar 2017 17:14:50 +0000
Obama operatives doing all they can to derail Trump administration.
FBI: 500 Missing Children Since 2017 May Be Part Of ‘Elite Pedo Ring
The FBI are set to investigate the disappearance of 501 children in Washington, D.C. who are feared to have become victims to an elite pedophile ring.

According to a letter written by lawmakers to the Department of Justice, FBI Director James Comey and Attorney General Jeff Sessions are being urged to launch an immediate investigation into the startling disappearance of the children since the beginning of 2017.

In the letter, the DoJ are being urged to “devote the resources necessary to determine whether these developments are an anomaly or whether they are indicative of an underlying trend that must be addressed.”

“Ten children of color went missing in our nation’s capital in a period of two weeks and at first garnered very little media attention. That’s deeply disturbing,” As the AP reports, the District of Columbia logged 501 cases of missing juveniles, many of them black or Latino, in the first three months of this year, according to the Metropolitan Police Department, the city’s police force. Twenty-two were unsolved as of March 22, police said.

The Twitter profile for the DC police department is quite literally riddled with images of missing young black and latino girls. In spite of the officials’ concern and the posts on Twitter, police are assuring the public that there is nothing out of the ordinary. “We’ve just been posting them on social media more often,” said Metropolitan Police spokeswoman Rachel Reid.

“We can’t focus on the numbers,” said Derrica Wilson, co-founder of the Black and Missing Foundation. “If we have one missing child, that’s too many.” Police then went on to dispel talk of these girls being kidnapped and sold into slavery by human traffickers.

“We have no indication to believe that young girls in the District are being preyed upon by human traffickers in large numbers,” said police commander Chanel Dickerson, leader of the Youth and Family Services division, according to NBC News 4.

Notice how Dickerson said “in large numbers” as a qualifier, meaning he didn’t rule out the fact that there are human traffickers in the area preying on young girls.

As the Free Thought Project pointed out on several occasions, some of these traffickers have already been caught in D.C. — and some of them have been cops. Linwood Barnhill Jr., a veteran of the D.C. Police Department, was exposed by the Free Thought Project for running a child sex ring out of his house. In 2014, in an early morning search warrant issued for his Southeast D.C. apartment found a 15-year-old girl who had previously been reported missing by her parents. When police rescued the girl she told officers that she had met six other girls inside the Southeast D.C. apartment who told her they were also being prostituted, including with ads posted on backpage.com. Barnhill also took naked photos of the girls, purportedly for use in advertisements for sex. Marijuana, condoms and a large mirror were also seized from the apartment; law enforcement officials say that the seized mirror had the names of other females who were being trafficked written on it. Around that same time, another cop in the area was also exposed and arrested for trafficking teens. Lamin Manneh, 32, of Baltimore, pleaded guilty to traveling across state lines and using a telephone and internet to operate a prostitution business using two teens he prostituted out over 300 times.

According to the AP, Wilson also said she is concerned about whether human trafficking is a factor, citing the case of 8-year-old Relisha Rudd, who has been missing since she vanished from a city homeless shelter in 2014. A janitor who worked at the shelter was found dead of apparent suicide during the search for the girl.

“They prey on the homeless, they prey on low-income children, they prey on the runaways, they prey online,” Wilson said.
“Whether these recent disappearances are an anomaly or signals of underlying trends, it is essential that the Department of Justice and the FBI use all of the tools at their disposal to help local officials investigate these events, and return these children to their parents as soon as possible,” Richmond said. Trey Gowdy Points To Barack Obama As Source Of Flynn Leaks.
During a House Intelligence Committee hearing on Monday, Rep. Gowdy said that key staffers in Obama’s administration, including Obama himself, leaked details about former National Security advisor Michael Flynn’s alleged collusion with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential race. It should be noted that Gowdy did not give evidence for any of the names he raised possibly being the source of the leaks. The South Carolina Republican first asked the FBI director if former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper “knew the name of the U.S. citizen that appeared in The New York Times and Washington Post?… Would he have access to an unmasked name?”

Gowdy asked similar questions about former CIA Director James Brennan, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice former White House advisor Ben Rhodes, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former acting Attorney General Sally Yates.

Finally, Gowdy asked Comey if he “briefed President Obama on any calls involving Michael Flynn.”

“I’m not going to go get into either that case or any conversations I had with the president,” Comey answered.

John McCain: “New World Order Under Enormous Strain” Speaking at the Brussels Forum, the former Republican presidential candidate told attendees that the “new world order is under enormous strain” and in “the titanic struggle with forces of radicalism … we can’t stand by and lament, we’ve got to be involved.“ “I trust the EU,” he said, defending an opposite view from that of US president Donald Trump, who said in January that the UK “was so smart in getting out” of the EU and that Nato was “obsolete”.

He said that the EU was “one of the most important alliances” for the US and that the EU and Nato were “the best two sums in history”, which have maintained peace for the last 70 years.

“We need to rely on Nato and have a Nato that adjusts to new challenges,” he said.

He noted that “the EU has too many bureaucrats, not much bureaucracy,” but added that “it’s not the only place on earth with that problem.”

He said that he was “still wondering what the overall effect of Brexit will be” and that he did not know “if this is the beginning of a serious problem for the EU”.

McCain also said that he supported Trump’s demand that European countries increase their defence spending for Nato.

But he added that Americans should “also appreciate the fact that over 1,000 young [European] people have given their lives in Afghanistan or Iraq”.

“I don’t know what price tag you put on that. That’s quite a contribution I would say, if you ask their mothers,” he said.

The influential senator, who admitted that he has not met Trump since the election, said it was “too early” to pass a judgment on his presidency.

He said he was “very pleased” by Trump’s picks for his national security team, but suggested that they were being bypassed by more ideological and less competent people.

“The question is: who does the president listen to, who drives the tweets at 6 in morning?”, he said. Asked whether he thought that “Russia owns a significant part of the White House,” he said : “I don’t worry about that.”

What worries him, he said, was “the Russian role in our elections”, even if he admitted that he has seen “no evidence they succeeded” in affecting the outcome of last year US vote. Noting that Russia was now trying to influence elections in France and in Germany, he said that if it succeeded it would be “a death warrant for democracy”.

“It’s an act of destruction that is certainly more lethal than dropping some bombs,” he insisted.

McCain, a Russia hawk, said that Putin wanted to restore the Russian empire: “He wants the Baltics, he has taken Crimea, he’s been in Ukraine.”

“These are KBG thugs, my friends,” he said, referring to former Russian spy service for which Putin used to work. He added that the US needed to “respond accordingly”.

He said however that he there was “nothing wrong” if Trump met Putin.

“I’m not against meeting,” he said, reminding the Brussels forum that US presidents met Soviet leaders during the Cold War. But he added that “the best way to g o to a meeting is with a strong hand” and that that was not the case for the US right now. US Commander Warns North Korea Likely To Strike Alaska. A senior US military commander has warned that North Korea are now capable of striking Alaska with nuclear missiles and has urged the government to increase military spending in the state.

Speaking before Congress’ Joint Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Lieutenant General Kenneth S. Wilsbach said that military officials fear that Pyongyang could strike America any day now.

“Certainly North Korea and the rhetoric that’s coming from North Korea and the activity that we’re seeing makes me as a military commander have concern that the threat is increased,” he told lawmakers. The commander reminded the panel that Alaska was given $561 million to complete ongoing military projects across the state during the 2017 fiscal year.

The money was supposed to be used for upgrading a network of missile systems and prepare Eielson Air Force Base to host two squadrons of F-35 stealth fighter jets, totaling 54 aircraft, by 2020.

“Because of the strategic nature of Alaska we assume, which is why we defend this land, that there are facilities here that could be considered targets, so that’s why we have forces that are capable of defending the nation from here,” Wilsbach went on.

Within the US military circles, Alaska is commonly referred to as the last line of defense against a nuclear attack from adversaries such as North Korea.

The statements come amid high tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, which is angered by the annual joint war games currently being carried out by the US and South Korea on the restive peninsula.

The US has further infuriated the North by starting the installation of an advanced missile system at an air base in South Korea earlier this month.

Washington also deploys nuclear-powered warships and aircraft in the region.

Pyongyang has been subjected to international pressure, including US sanctions and Security Council resolutions, to abandon its arms development and nuclear programs.

Yet, it says the programs are meant to protect the country from US hostility. Washington Post: Obama May Face Criminal Charges. The Washington Post claim that people within the Obama administration could face criminal charges for unmasking names of Trump transition team members from surveillance of foreign officials.

During an interview Wednesday with Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly, WaPo’s Bob Woodward argued that if information about Trump campaign officials being unmasked in wiretapped communications is true, it represents a “gross violation.”

“It is not what Trump said [about the wiretap], but apparently what has happened here is a couple of diplomats who can be legitimately wiretapped, were talking about meeting with Trump or people on his transition team — and of course you can learn all kinds of things from diplomats gossiping, because that is what occurs. Under the rules –and they’re pretty strict– you are supposed to, it is called minimization, you don’t name the American person who is being discussed.” House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., said earlier that he had briefed Trump on new information, unrelated to an investigation into Russian activities, that suggested that several members of Trump’s transition team and perhaps Trump himself had their identities “unmasked” after their communications were intercepted by U.S. intelligence officials.

The revelation is notable because identities of Americans are generally supposed to remain “masked” if American communications are swept up during surveillance of foreign individuals.

During an interview on Fox News, Woodward said that if that information about the unmasking is true, “it is a gross violation.”

He said it isn’t Trump’s assertion, without proof, that his predecessor wiretapped Trump Tower that is of concern, but rather that intelligence officials named the Americans being discussed in intercepted communications.

“You can learn all kinds of things from diplomats gossiping, because that’s what occurs. Under the rules, and they are pretty strict, it’s called minimization. You don’t name the American person who is being discussed,” Woodward said.

He noted that there are about 20 people in the intelligence community who, for intelligence reasons, can order this “minimization” be removed.

“But the idea that there was intelligence value here is really thin,” Woodward said. “It’s, again, down the middle, it is not what Trump said, but this could be criminal on the part of people who decided, oh, let’s name these people.”

He drove the point home, adding that “under the rules, that name is supposed to be blanked out, and so you’ve got a real serious problem potentially of people in the Obama administration passing around this highly classified gossip.” Pentagon: US Troops Will Stay In Iraq After Fight Against ISIS Ends. According to senior Pentagon officials, US troops will stay in Iraq even after the fight against ISIS has ended.

The US Defense Secretary James Mattis said that keeping soldiers on the ground is in America’s “national interest.”

During a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on Wednesday, other top US Defense Department officials also expressed their desire to keep US troops in Iraq. Mattis made it clear that US involvement will not end when Mosul is finally captured from Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL).

“I believe it’s in our national interest that we keep Iraqi security forces in a position to keep our mutual enemies on their back foot,” he said, as quoted by the Military Times.

The defense secretary went on to say that he does not “see any reason to pull out again and face the same lesson,” adding that the US “needs to remain decisively engaged in Iraq and in the region.”

Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr. agreed with Mattis, stating that Iraqi security forces will need US support “for years to come.”

The comments come as the brutal battle continues for Mosul, the self-proclaimed capital of IS in Iraq.

Around 400,000 civilians are stuck in Mosul’s old city, which is currently held by IS militants. They are facing food and electricity shortages, with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees believing the “worst is yet to come.”

US involvement in the military campaign against IS is approaching its third anniversary, evolving from airstrikes in the summer of 2014 to the eventual deployment of around 6,000 ground troops across Iraq and Syria, whom Washington mostly calls “advisors.”

During a Tuesday meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, US President Donald Trump himself said that American troops should have remained in Iraq.

“Certainly, we shouldn’t have left. We should never ever have left,” Trump said as quoted by Newsweek, noting that the withdrawal was followed by chaos.

But Abadi appears to have another plan in mind, stating last week that the international military presence in Iraq should be reduced once IS militants are defeated.

“As we are crushing Daesh [Arabic pejorative term for IS], it is clear that there is a need to reduce the number of our allies who are helping us,” he told Middle East Eye.

Around half a million people died in Iraq from war-related causes during the US-led intervention between 2003 and mid-2011, according to a study published in 2013. That figure was around four times bigger than previous estimates.

A separate 2013 study found that the Iraq War cost $1.7 trillion, with an additional $490 billion owed to war veterans, noting that the expenses could grow to around $4 trillion over the next four decades, counting interest.

Earlier this week, Abadi reportedly said that rebuilding Mosul and the reconstruction of Anbar province could cost up to $50 billion in the coming years.

Mattis acknowledged a financial need for re-building, but stressed that the US will not be solely responsible for the bill.

“It’s going to be an international effort, it should not be carried fully by the American taxpayer,” he said on Wednesday. “But we should certainly be part of it.” George Soros Exposed Paying Up To $15K Per Month To Leftist Activists. Wondering how Fight For The Future can afford to splash the big bucks on “activists”?  They get their funding from Media Democracy Fund – a George Soros Group.

“We’re currently taking applications for an initial launch of the project, and will be providing a few select teams with funding, guidance, and support,” said Evan Greer, campaign director for Fight for the Future.

“Our goal is to spawn a movement of small, dedicated, groups of people using the tactics that we’ve used effectively to defend Internet freedom to win major victories in other issue areas affecting our basic rights and freedoms, such as immigration, freedom of press, police brutality, drug reform, and government corruption,” she added.

It is just the latest effort by activists to fund the anti-Trump movement.

Greer compared the groups to tactical special operations forces. He said the A-Teams, presumably styled like the famed TV team, are “an attempt to help incubate other ‘special ops activist teams to tackle major issues, against the backdrop of unprecedented threats in the Trump era.”

The online application and sales job includes a photo from the classic anti-Barry Goldwater ad from 1964 in which the world is nuked if he’s elected.

It urges potential activists to quit and get working against Trump. A few of the initial A-Teams will receive a $15,000 check for their first month.

“We’re still working out the details, but if you’ve got a strong 2-3 person A-Team and a target we’d give you $15,000 right now for the first month, just to see what you can do,” said the promo. “If you make a big splash or measurable impact on your target in that time, we’re pretty sure we can find you more,” it added. Court Docs Reveal Monsanto And EPA Colluded To Poison The Public. A court case in California has forced the release of emails between Monsanto and the EPA, and the contents are sickening. We now have certifiable proof that Monsanto has always known Roundup causes cancer.

But even worse, we now have proof the EPA is a corrupt organization that is more interested in money than protecting the environment or the health of Americans.

This weedkiller isn’t just used on GMOs but on 70 different food crops in the U.S. – it’s in practically everything Americans eat. So, if glyphosate in Roundup is causing cancer and other diseases, I want to know about it and get it out of our food – don’t you?

Food Babe reports: Monsanto makes billions off of Roundup sales, so they don’t want anyone to question its safety. Some never-before-seen confidential documents just released in a court case against Monsanto give us a glimpse into how they are working to influence the EPA (who is in charge of determining whether they are allowed to sell Roundup anymore) and undermine any efforts to ban its use.

These documents show what many of us have known and suspected for quite some time… Monsanto is manipulating scientific research and has gotten some EPA officials on their side who seem to be helping them cover-up the health dangers of Roundup so they can keep it on the market.

Keep in mind… Monsanto and the EPA are both fighting to stop the public seeing these internal emails! Why do you think that is?

While Monsanto is being sued in California by dozens of people who claim Roundup caused their non-hodgkin’s lymphoma, Monsanto had to provide over 6 million pages of internal emails and documents to the court and attorneys, and marked the majority of them as “confidential” so they’d be hidden from the public.

When the plaintiffs asked the court to make the records public, both Monsanto and the EPA objected. The judge didn’t agree with their objections and threatened to sanction Monsanto if they continued trying to seal documents and found it in the best interest of the public to release them for all of us to see, “even if Monsanto doesn’t like what they say”.

The public interest group U.S. Right To Know is publishing these documents in their entirety on their website here. This is just the beginning and more are coming out.

Monsanto was in private talks with a top official at the EPA, Jess Rowland, who was in charge of evaluating the cancer risk of glyphosate for the EPA. Rowland was allegedly helping them stop another federal agency from investigating whether glyphosate causes cancer and told a Monsanto employee, “If I can kill this I should get a medal”. Rowland also signed off on the mysteriously leaked and deleted EPA memo which found glyphosate “not likely to be carcinogenic to humans”, which Monsanto touted as proof the EPA finds it safe. Long-term EPA toxicologist Marion Copley accused EPA’s Rowland of playing “political conniving games with the science” and making decisions based on his “bonus” in favoring pesticide makers (such as Monsanto). Dr. Copley went on to allude that other EPA staff have conflicts of interest and may be taking bribes. She asserts that Anna Lowit (still at the EPA) intimidated staff to change their findings to favor the industry. Dr. Copley also stated, “It is essentially certain that glyphosate causes cancer.” A Monsanto employee proposed they could “ghost-write” portions of a scientific report and then just have hired scientists “sign their names so to speak”. The EPA would later use this report evaluate the safety of glyphosate. The reason they would do this is highly unethical – to make the report appear to have been prepared by independent scientists, when in reality Monsanto wrote it! This begs the question, how often do they do this? An email suggests they ghostwrote this report presented to EPA regulators in 2000, although no Monsanto employees are listed as authors. Way back in 1999, Monsanto buried the findings of their own scientist (Dr. James Parry) who found glyphosate is genotoxic and recommended further testing. Internal emails show that Monsanto employees questioned whether Parry had “ever worked with industry before”, “hoped that it didn’t cost too much” and that they should hire a different expert who would be “influential with regulators” and help them with “outreach” efforts. Ha! They only want to hire scientists who will make findings in their favor to deceive our regulators. In another 2015 email, a toxicologist at Monsanto hinted that Rowland would be retiring from the EPA and that he’d be useful for their “ongoing glyphosate defense”. This just further shows that Rowland was in Monsanto’s back pocket all along and is a key player in helping them achieve their mission.
Most Americans are eating glyphosate every day… No matter how healthy we eat or how much we try to protect ourselves from it, this weedkiller is being used on most major conventional food crops and is so rampant in our environment that it is contaminating virtually all of our food. It’s been found in honey, cereals, meat, drinking water, breast milk, infant formula, chips, cookies… the list goes on. Our government agencies (FDA and EPA) know this and are allowing corporations to poison Americans for profit. It’s truly disgusting!

Monsanto is stooping to corruption to continue selling their poisons. Everything from seeking to keep their correspondence with the EPA secret, to intimidating scientists at the WHO International Agency on Cancer (IARC) who found Roundup’s active ingredient glyphosate “probably carcinogenic”. A large body of peer reviewed research links glyphosate to cancer, reproductive problems, liver, kidney and skin cell damage, antibiotic-resistance, and more – but Monsanto doesn’t want the public to know the truth!
D.C. Pedophile Epidemic – Police Warn Kids To ‘Stay Home’. Washington D.C. police have urged young people to “stay home” in order to avoid becoming the latest victims of the elite pedophile sex trafficking epidemic that is plaguing the nation’s capital.

Missing children have become a hot topic in Washington D.C. this year after a spike in the number of teens and children going missing coincided with claims that an elite pedophile ring is operating in the city.

With the police and FBI increasingly viewed as either compromised or clueless, D.C. citizens have taken it upon themselves to form their own search committees to find the missing children.

On Wednesday, the Joe Clair Morning Show talked with Chanel Dickerson, the new commander of the Washington D.C. Police Youth & Family Services Division, about why so many teens and children are missing and how young people can protect themselves from D.C. predators.

“What preventative measures can young people take, specifically so they don’t become a victim of human trafficking?” Joe Clair asked.

The D.C. policewoman’s response hinted at the seriousness of the human trafficking epidemic in the nation’s capital:

“Stay home, it’s as simple as that. If they stay home, it reduces the risk. I’m not saying that’s the fix-all but that’s where we have to start. We have to start small, this is a problem and it’ll take a community effort, but we have to start small,” Chanel Dickerson said.

The extraordinary advice from D.C. police comes days after the first Democrat elected official pleaded guilty to raping a child, and adds weight to President Trump’s claim that the nation’s capital is suffering from an unprecedented sex trafficking plague.

President Trump announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking in February and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”

The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.

Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”

“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.” Appearing calm and determined, Trump thanked staff members and his daughter Ivanka for their hard work on the issue in the lead up to his announcement. While the establishment and mainstream media have been trying to destroy the investigation into Pizzagate and suppress the findings, the Trump administration have been quietly researching and launching low-level take downs, gathering evidence in order to move up the chain.

Trump made it clear that the investigation intends to go all the way to the top, promising to bring the “full force and weight of our government” to eradicate the insidious problem.

[Trey Gowdy Fights Tears As He Vows To Destroy Elite Pedophile Ring]

“I want to make it clear today that my administration will focus on ending the absolutely horrific practice of human trafficking and I am prepared to bring the full force and weight of our government at the federal level in order to solve this horrific problem that is getting worse.

“Human trafficking is a dire problem, both domestically and internationally, and is one that’s made really a challenge. And it’s really made possible to a large extent, more of a modern phenomenon, by what’s taking place on the Internet, as you probably know.

“Solving the human trafficking epidemic, which is what it is, is a priority for my administration. We’re going to help out a lot. “Solve” is a wonderful word, a beautiful word, but I can tell you, we’re going to help a lot.”

Former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney welcomed the news on Twitter and provided D.C insider information: if Trump goes straight all the way with the investigation, senior Democrats and Republicans in D.C are going to be bought down. Dr. Phil Exposes Elite Government Pedophile Ring On Mainstream TV.

Dr. Phil exposed the crimes of an elite government pedophile ring to millions of viewers across the United States on Tuesday, after interviewing a former child sex slave called ‘Kendall’.

Kendall, who was repeatedly sexually abused as a young child, detailed her life growing up as a sex slave to an elite pedophile ring to a stunned audience.

As more and more Americans are beginning to wake up to the fact that high-level government officials routinely sexually abuse children, Dr. Phil helped bring the issue to the attention of an even bigger audience. Kendall explains that she was born to be a sex slave, as her parents intentionally had her for the trafficker she calls her “owner.” Kendall says that her parents sold her at birth to an elite pedophile ring that serviced some of the world’s power elite, describing her first memories as being passed around groups of rich and prominent men and women for them to “take turns” with her for sadistic sexual pleasure. Making her first public appearance after escaping from the man she calls her “owner,” Kendall describes being forced to participate in actions that shock the conscience. She explains that she was forced to rape children as young as 5- years-old, and even admits to having been forced to kill a baby by the human trafficker she describes as her “owner.”

Kendall says that she can tell the difference between kids born into sexual slavery and ones that have been kidnapped, as the ones born into it are more docile and less upset as it is the only reality they have ever known.

When Dr. Phil asks how old she thinks she was when she was first raped, Kendall explains that it was “before I could talk – I was used to it by the time I was 2.” She says she doesn’t even know her actual age, as she has been a sex slave her entire life, being trafficked around the globe to be molested and raped by the societal elites – including high ranking law enforcement official, major sports franchise owners and even high level U.S. politicians.

She describes having birthed 3 children while in captivity, all of which have been taken from her by her owner/trafficker, and are believed by Kendall to now be child sex slaves themselves. Kendall notes that the pedophiles she came into contact with over the years were extremely wealthy – often “pillars of the community” – with some even owning private islands or large pieces of land.

“They would buy us just to hunt us,” she said.

She recalls one of her most fearful memories was that of the pedophiles hosting a “hunting party” on one of their large private plots of lands, making numerous children run and hide in fear, as they were the “prey” to be hunted. The pedophiles would then hunt the children as they ran and hid in fear – raping and torturing them when they were captured.

“I was allowed to get pregnant, because men paid for that,” Kendall said. The activities described by this woman are so profoundly disturbing they can be almost hard to believe, but Dr. Phil confirms that his team not only investigated Kendall’s case for four months, but also consulted with law enforcement experts who confirmed her story. Dr. Phil said he “100% believes” that she is telling the truth.

In a damning indictment of the power-elite, Kendall described how the pedophile politicians would adorn her in designer clothes, well groomed hair and makeup to give the appearance of class and sophistication. She explains that she and other children were often hung from cages suspended from the ceiling, and that they were often drugged before being transported in the darkness of night.

She claims that she was trafficked to pedophile politicians, and taken to political parties attended by high-level politicians who used her for their personal pleasure. The politicians always took great care to hide what they were doing, according to Kendall, who confirmed that there are many elite U.S. politicians that have been engaged in raping children for many years — a reality that has consistently been covered up and completely hidden from voters.

Perhaps the reason these crimes have been so steadfastly hidden from public view, is that high-level law enforcement officials have also been implicated as being part of the elite pedophile network.

This is just the latest case to emerge in what is now being called #PedoGate. #PedoGate refers to an international pedophile ring composed of politicians and other high profile societal elites. Chelsea Clinton Gets Lifetime Achievement Award For Being Hillary’s Daughter. Chelsea Clinton is to receive a lifetime achievement award next month, after spending 37 years as the daughter of Bill and Hillary Clinton.

Variety magazine will host its annual “Women in Power” luncheon in April, where they have confirmed that one of their “Lifetime Impact Honorees” is none other than Chelsea Clinton. This year, for no apparent reason, Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former President Bill Clinton and former Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, will get a one of those awards for her service to…well, that part’s not quite clear.

But she’ll be honored for her achievement anyway.

According to Variety (in partnership with Lifetime networks), the women will get the award for “their humanitarian work,” as well as their impact on the fields of entertainment and media. Included in this year’s group is Jessica Chastain, who has led a one-woman campaign in support of Planned Parenthood and O-magazine editor and Oprah BFF Gayle King, who uses her fortune to help the homeless and destitute in New York City.

Other honorees have fought child sex trafficking, helped homeless youth, and funded a vast network of legal clinics to aid the marginalized.

Chelsea Clinton, it says, is vice chair of the Clinton Foundation. A foundation she only works for because her parents founded it to keep their wealth flowing in the years they don’t spend running for public office. But it helps children.

Chelsea’s many other endeavors—authoring books that don’t sell, being snarky on Twitter, and serving on the board of several large-scale tech firms, operated by major Democratic donors—were oddly left out of her official biography.

Four hundred people are expected to attend the April 21st luncheon, one of the largest gatherings of powerful women each year. It’s almost certain Chelsea will attend, despite her crowded social calendar.

This prestigious award is supposed to be given to women whose work in 2016 has “made the world a better place.” Trump To Send Astronauts To Mars. President Trump has vowed to make NASA great again, by approving a bill that will give $19.5 billion to allow the agency to send astronauts to Mars.

The NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017, or S. 442, will provide the space agency funding for 2018, allowing NASA to explore deep space and begin work planning their first ever manned mission to Mars. It builds on the current public-private partnership for space, with commercial companies transporting American astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) and NASA focusing on deep space and the mission to Mars. “For almost six decades, NASA’s work has inspired millions and millions of Americans to imagine distant worlds and a better future right here on Earth. I’m delighted to sign this bill,” Trump said. “With this legislation, we support NASA’s scientists, engineers, astronauts and their pursuit of discovery. We support jobs. It’s about jobs, also.”

The focus on medical monitoring was the brainchild of former NASA astronaut Scott Kelly, who spent nearly a year in space. He asked members of the House of Representatives to “take care of us” and keep medical data so that NASA can make future adjustments for astronauts aboard the ISS and beyond, recalled Representative Brian Babin (R-Texas), the chair of the House Science, Space and Technology Subcommittee on Space. The signing was attended by a bipartisan group of lawmakers, including Senators Ted Cruz (R-Texas), Marco Rubio (R-Florida) and Bill Nelson (D-Florida), a former astronaut. The two states will receive a boost in funding thanks to the legislation, which led to some good-natured ribbing between the two former Republican presidential candidates and Trump, who beat them.

When Cruz said that the bill “means a great deal to Texas,” Rubio followed up with a quip that he was “happy to see that Florida is going to do more than Texas is in NASA,” before he was drowned out by laughter.

“It’ll be a good competition,” Trump responded.

Trump also joked with the two men when discussing the difficulties that astronauts face. “It’s a pretty tough job. I don’t know, Ted, would you like to do it?” Trump asked Cruz, who shook his head. “Marco, would you want to do it?” he asked Rubio. “I’m not sure we want to do it.”

“You could send Congress to space,” Cruz replied, to much laughter.

“What a great idea!” Trump said. He neither mentioned nor looked at Nelson, who has been to space, during the exchange. Rep. John Culberson (R-Texas) was effusive in his praise of the president’s leadership on NASA funding, saying Trump would be remembered as “the father of the interplanetary highway system” the way President Dwight D. Eisenhower is remembered as the father of the interstate highway system.

“Well, that sounds exciting,” Trump replied. “First we want to fix our highways! We’re going to fix our highways.”

Nelson remained on the sidelines of the joking, until Vice President Mike Pence asked the former astronaut to say a few words, to which Trump quipped: “Oh, he’s a Democrat. I wasn’t going to let him speak.”

Florida’s senior senator praised the bill for putting NASA on a “dual track” with commercial craft providing transport to the ISS and “NASA going out and exploring the heavens, and we’re going to Mars.”

Trump also spoke highly of NASA’s public-private partnership, which he said will benefit the economy through jobs and increased scientific research.

“It’s amazing what’s going on. So many people and so many companies are so into exactly what NASA stands for, so the commercial and the private sector will get to use these facilities, and I hope they’re going to be paying us a lot of money,” the president said. “But they’re going to make great progress.”

Pence announced that Trump would “in very short order” relaunch the National Space Council, which the vice president will chair. “We’re going to be bringing together the best and  the brightest in NASA and also in the private sector. We have elected a builder for president, and as he said, America once again needs to start building and leading to the stars,” Pence said.

Yet the advances made through the current appropriations could be hampered by a cut in funding contained in Trump’s budget blueprint that was released last Thursday. Four Earth science missions that in part study the climate would be axed if the budget is passed, according to Space.com. It would also eliminate NASA’s Education Office, as well as science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) scholarships and education programs that NASA typically funds that are used to train the next generation of astronauts and engineers, Fast Company reported.

After the signing, NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy presented Trump with a NASA flight jacket. Trump gave the pen he used to sign the bill to Cruz, while he gave souvenir pens to Rubio, Nelson and others. As he lifted the signed legislation to show to the cameras, Trump joked about the size of the law.
Fox Fires Judge Nap After He Exposed Obama Spying On Trump.

Fox News has fired Judge Napolitano from appearing on their channel after he reported that the Obama administration worked with British spies in order to wiretap Donald Trump.

Judge Nap says he believes the Obama administration spied on Donald Trump with the help of Britain’s GCHQ during the election campaign in order find dirt on the presidential candidate and use it against him.

According to senior Fox News executives, since the network couldn’t prove Napolitano’s claim, they decided to drop him from appearing on-air for the foreseeable future.

On Friday, Fox News staff claimed that they couldn’t prove Napolitano’s claim. Fox News anchor Shepard Smith said, “Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the now-president of the United States was surveilled at any time, in any way.” Smith is one of Fox’s liberal-left anchors and correspondents.

On March 15, the Conservative Base [editor Jim Kouri] wrote a news story highlighting Judge Andrew Napolitano’s allegations.

While the mainstream news media search and search for proof that President Barack Obama and his minions never wiretapped or spied on then-presidential candidate, now President Donald Trump, a former criminal court judge from New Jersey surprised a morning news show’s audience with a shocking revelation: three different intelligence sources have alleged that President Obama was aided by a British spy agency to electronically eavesdrop on Donald Trump and his campaign.
Former New Jersey Judge Andrew Napolitano, considered one of the great legal minds in the United States, claims that Trump’s accusations of being wiretapped during his victorious campaign were correct. Although U.S. actors may not have been directly involved in doing the spying, Obama’s fellow-travelers in Great Britain used their expertise to be the President’s proxy spies.

According to Judge Napolitano, now a Fox News Channel legal analyst, at least three intelligence sources said that President Obama went outside his chain of command by not utilizing his own NSA, CIA, FBI, or the Department of Justice.

Judge Napolitano, a Brooklyn (New York) Law School professor, said his sources told of Obama’s British contacts using the U.K. GCHQ (Government

He claims GCHQ officials have 24/7 access to the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) database.  As a result of this relationship between America’s NSA and Britain’s GCHQ, by simply having two people go to British spymasters and telling them that America’s President Obama needs transcripts of conversations involving candidate Trump, and later President-Elect Trump, Obama would be able to receive it all without “American fingerprints” attached.

Employing over 6,000 people from a range of diverse backgrounds, GCHQ is part of the labyrinth charged with keeping Great Britain safe and secure. GCHQ operatives work as partners with members of the Secret

Intelligence Service (MI6) and MI5, Great Britain’s domestic spy agency.

Since the birth of British Signals Intelligence at the Start of World War I in 1914, its commitment for the last 102 years has been to support the U.K. military.

“From day one, GCHQ has been [coming] to grips with the many and varied communication means the enemy has been using, sifting through to find the key intelligence for the military and their political masters. Within the first year in 1915, Signals Intelligence was being used to combat, in real time, the air and naval threats. While technologies change and adapt over time, the unique and significant contribution GCHQ makes to protecting British soldiers, sailors and airmen continues apace,” the GCHQ states in its self-evaluation.

One of GCHQ’s major responsibilities is helping to protect the UK military wherever they are deployed by providing actionable intelligence. The need to help protect the British military and arm them with the knowledge to keep them one step ahead proved to be the catalyst needed to develop Signals Intelligence at the start of World War I.

“About 90 members of GCHQ have received a campaign medal for service in Iraq, and 156 members obtained medals so far for service in Afghanistan. Perhaps more telling is the faith that the military put in a civilian organization to provide the intelligence front-line troops need to achieve their missions as safely as possible in extremely dangerous and difficult combat situations,” the GCHQ press office notes.

“With such an impressive legacy one can only wonder why GCHQ would sink to the level of U.S. political hacks trying to swindle a presidential campaign,” said former police intelligence analyst, Lawrence Patronick. “I hope Judge Napolitano will continue his own investigation into the forces in the U.S., European Union and other nations who may be aligned against a President Trump,” Patronick said.
5 Reps, Including Debbie Schultz Advisor, Under Criminal Investigation.
Five Congressional staffers, including an aide to former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz, are under criminal investigation for hacking government computers.

The investigation into the five members of the House of Representatives, which includes three brothers and a wife, began last year. The gang are being investigated by US Capitol Police over allegations that they stole equipment from over 20 members’ offices, and ran a procurement scheme to buy equipment and then overcharge the house. House Speaker Paul Ryan said last week Capitol Police are receiving additional help for the investigation. “I won’t speak to the nature of their investigation, but they’re getting the kind of technical assistance they need to do that, this is under an active criminal investigation, their capabilities are pretty strong but they’re also able to go and get the kind of help they need from other sources,” Ryan said.
The brothers, Abid, Jamal and Imran Awan, worked as shared employees for various members of the House, covering committees relating to intelligence, terrorism and cybersecurity, which included the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces of the Armed Services Committee.

Imran’s wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, both of whom worked as House IT employees, are also under investigation.
The group were banned from accessing the computers as a result of the investigation but, as of earlier this month, Imran Awan remains as an “technology adviser” to former Democratic National Committee chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign in July following revelations that she worked to further Hillary Clinton’s chances of winning the Democratic primary at the expense of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.
News of the brothers’ investigation has sparked speculation that it may be tied to the hack of the DNC servers, the contents of which were first released by Guccifer 2.0 and later published on WikiLeaks.

Russian actors have been accused of being behind the hack, which Democrats claim contributed to Clinton’s loss to Donald Trump. There have also been reports that the DNC hack came from an insider. An email between DNC staffers in April 2016, which was released by WikiLeaks, references a staff member named Imran and how this person has access to the passwords for Wasserman Schultz’s iPad.

Garret Bonosky, deputy director of office of the DNC chair, tells Amy Kroll: “I have to get [this iPad] thing figured out. Need to make sure I have her username and password before I delete and reload the app.”

“I do not have access to her ipad password, but Imran does,” Kroll replies, later writing: “Just spoke to Imran, call me whenever GB and I’ll update you, don’t delete anything yet.” Another email from the DNC hack, dated December 2016, references Imran once again. Wasserman Schultz’s assistant Rosalyn Kumar tells scheduler Anna Stolitzka: “[Nancy] Pelosi is doing [a] closed door meeting. No staff or anyone allowed. Kaitlyn come to Rayburn room and get her iPad for Imran.” The brothers were paid high salaries for their work with various House members, above the median salary for Congressional staffers.

Imran, who started working for Wasserman Schultz in 2005, received $164,600 in 2016, with close to $20,000 of that coming from Wasserman Schultz.

Jamal, who started working as a staffer in 2014, was paid $157,350.12 in 2016. Abid, who started working in 2005, was paid $160,943 in 2016. Hina Alvi, who was employed as a staffer from February 2007, was paid 168,300 in 2016. Rao Abbas was paid $85,049 in 2016.

The Daily Caller reports that Imran received $1.2 million in salary since 2010, while Abid and Alvi received over $1 million each.

House Democrats supporting the employees have suggested that the Pakistani nationality of the suspects may have inspired the investigation. Victim Sold To Elite Pedophile Ring Goes Public. A brave woman who was sold to an elite paedophile ring has gone public with her harrowing story to millions of viewers via Dr. Phil’s national broadcast.

The woman, who now goes by the name of Kendall, claims she was sold by her parents at birth to a sex trafficker.

Sexually abused before she could even talk, Kendall states that politicians are trafficking children for sex in an international pedophile ring.

She says she had six fake passports and was flown all over the world on private jets to ‘meet’ wealthy clients.

Dr. Phil confirmed that he is 100 percent certain that she is telling the truth.

She was interviewed today on Dr. Phil’s national broadcast to millions of viewers, the first appearance she has made on television after breaking out of her confinement and fleeing from sex traffickers.

What she describes is profoundly unsettling, and Dr. Phil confirms that he “100% believes” that she is telling the truth.

She says that she was sold by her very own parents at birth to an elite pedophile ring made up of police, politicians, and other powerful men and women.  Some of these pedophiles are extremely wealthy and have their own islands. One of them even owns a major sports team.

She says the politicians forced her to rape other children as young as five, broke her bones, sat on her, and even made her kill.

She also described “hunting parties” that the pedophile ring hosts. On their private lands, they make multiple children run and hide in fear. Then they begin literally hunting the children as if they were hunting animals. They find the children, rape them, and torture them for fun.

When asked about the first time she was raped by them, she said that it happened when she was at a very young age. Indeed they began raping her before she could even speak, she replied.

The audience was horrified to hear the details, but also supportive. Kendall described how they put children in cages and suspend the cages from ceilings. The pedophiles trafficked her around the world to be raped by other elites. Dr. Phil says many of the elites are believed to be “pillars of their communities” but when they are behind closed doors with children, they are evil and sadistic.

The pedophile politicians took great care to hide what they were doing. They would dress her in nice clothes so that nobody ever knew she was a sex slave. They have been raping children for many years, she says, and it’s a reality that the politicians involved are completely hiding from voters.

Corrupt police are also said to be included among the many clients who are part of the elite pedophile network. Sex Traffickers Are Implanting Microchips In Children. Sex traffickers in the United States have become so professional that they are now implanting microchips under victims’ skin in order to control and enslave children and young people “like animals.”

Doctors across the country are coming forward and revealing the extent of the problem, recounting horror stories involving sex trafficking victims, and opening up about increasingly common operations to remove RFID microchips that have been implanted under victim’s skin.

These revelations about the extent of human trafficking in the country add weight to President Trump’s claim that there are “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place” and his federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking.

Daily Sheeple reports: If someone walks into a hospital and claims that they’re being tracked, and that they need to have a tracking device removed, there’s a pretty good chance that they’re going to be sent to a mental institution instead. However, according to a doctor who wished to remain anonymous to protect his patient, that very situation occurred last October and it didn’t end how you might expect.

The patient in question was a 28-year-old woman who claimed that she had a GPS tracking device planted in her body. Normally a patient like that would be regarded as crazy, but this woman appeared totally sane, and she had an incision mark on her side. So the doctor decided to check her out anyway. The medical staff at the hospital were stunned when they finally gave her an x-ray.

“Embedded in the right side of her flank is a small metallic object only a little bit larger than a grain of rice. But it’s there. It’s unequivocally there. She has a tracker in her. And no one was speaking for like five seconds — and in a busy ER that’s saying something.”

It turns out that it wasn’t a GPS device, but an RFID chip. “It’s used to tag cats and dogs. And someone had tagged her like an animal, like she was somebody’s pet that they owned.”

In a way, that makes it even creepier than a GPS device. RFID chips have a very short range. To be useful for tracking someone’s position, they would have to be kept confined in an area where the right equipment is in place to send or receive signals from the chip. The doctor would later discover that this woman was a victim of sex trafficking.

Science fiction has been warning about the potential of tracking devices for years, but usually in reference to how the government might use this technology. It just goes to show that the way humans use technology in the real world is often stranger (and creepier) than fiction. Trump Kills UN Climate Change Initiative, Calls It An “Elaborate Hoax”. President Trump has slammed global warming as an elaborate hoax and forced the United Nations to stop making it compulsory for nations to contribute funding to global climate change programs.

G20 officials who met on Friday announced that “climate change is out for the time being” after President Trump dismantled Barack Obama and Angela Merkel’s old blueprint for compulsory financial donations to the cause.

Asked about the cut in funding to global climate change programs, Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s budget director, told reporters “we consider that to be a waste of (Americans’) money.”

“I think the president is fairly straightforward. We’re not spending money on that,” he said.

Instead the money is being poured into long-ignored domestic infrastructure projects, such as the $100 million Flint water crisis solution granted to Michigan by Trump’s EPA last week.

Reuters reports: Opposition from the United States, Saudi Arabia and others has forced Germany to drop a reference to financing programmes to combat climate change from the draft communique at a G20 finance and central bankers meeting.

A G20 official taking part in the meeting said on Friday that efforts by the German G20 presidency to keep the wording on climate change financing had run into resistance.

“Climate change is out for the time being,” said the official, who asked not to be named.

At their last meeting in July 2016 in the Chinese city of Chengdu, the G20 financial leaders said they encouraged all signatories of the Paris Agreement on climate change to bring the deal into force as soon as possible.

But U.S. President Donald Trump, who took office in November, has called global warming a “hoax” concocted by China to hurt U.S. industry and vowed to unpick the Paris climate accord that is supposed to curb rising temperatures.

Under the Chinese G20 presidency, finance ministers last year called on all governments to implement financial commitments made under the Paris deal in a “timely” way and promised to continue working on climate finance in 2017.

Trump’s administration on Thursday proposed a 31 percent cut to the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget, as the White House seeks to eliminate climate change programmes and trim initiatives to protect air and water quality. Eight Hundred 9/11 Families Sue Saudi Arabia For Orchestrating Attacks. Eight hundred families of 9/11 victims are suing the government of Saudi Arabia for their role in orchestrating September 11 attacks in collusion with the Bush administration.

The families join 1,500 first responders who all believe that the 2001 terror attacks were funded, in part, by the Saudi regime.

According to documents filed in a federal court in Manhattan, obtained by Pix 11, officials in Saudi helped train the hijackers and worked with the American government to bring them into the United States unobstructed:

“The document details how officials from Saudi embassies supported hijackers Salem al-Hazmi and Khalid Al-Mihdhar 18 months before 9/11.

“The officials allegedly helped them find apartments, learn English and obtain credit cards and cash. The documents state that the officials helped them learn how to blend into the American landscape.” For years, suspicions have swirled that some Saudi officials had ties to the gruesome attacks. The recent release of FBI reports produced shortly after the attacks provided details to justify growing skepticism against the Saudis. These details were further bolstered by the release of 28 pages originally withheld from the 9/11 commission report. Though the U.S. government downplayed the findings, even some lawmakers expressed concern.

Pix 11 further described the lawsuit, which reportedly relies on information from the FBI’s investigations:

“The suit also produces evidence that officials in the Saudi embassy in Germany supported lead hijacker Mohamed Atta. It claims that a Saudi official was in the same hotel in Virginia with several hijackers the night before the attacks.”

The suit also alleges “some of the hijackers had special markers in their passports, identifying them as al-Qaida sympathizers.”

According to the suit, filed by aviation law firm Kreindler & Kreindler, “Saudi royals, who for years had been trying to curry favor with fundamentalists to avoid losing power, were aware that funds from Saudi charities were being funneled to al-Qaida.”

“The charities were alter egos of the Saudi government,” Jim Kreindler told Pix 11.

According to Kreindler, “there was a direct link between all the charities and Osama bin Laden and…they operated with the full knowledge of Saudi officials.”

The lawsuit reportedly details how funds were transferred from charities inside Saudi Arabia to the terror group. One of those charities, Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation, has been designated a sponsor of terrorism by the U.S. government.

Kreindler insists Saudi involvement occurred and was blatantly malicious.

“The Saudis were so duplicitous,” he said. “They claim to be allies fighting with U.S. against Iran, while at the same time working with the terrorists. There’s no question they had a hand in the 9/11 attacks.”

Until late last year, families of 9/11 victims were unable to sue foreign countries over their potential involvement in the attacks. In September, Congress overrode President Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which allows for the suit filed this week.

President Obama, like George Bush before him, enjoyed a cozy relationship with the kingdom. The Bush family has had a long, profitable history with the Saudi regime over shared oil interests. Obama continued to protect the ongoing, warm relationship by approving billions of dollars worth of weapons sales to the kingdom. He also backed the monarchy’s onslaught of Yemen, where thousands of civilians have been killed with American-supplied weapons.

“The Obama and Bush administrations have done nothing but fight the 9/11 families for 15 years,” James Riches, the father of a first responder who died in the attacks and participant in the suit, told Pix 11 last month. “The United States government took the side of the Saudis over the 9/11 families.”

President Trump, for his part, previously criticized the Saudis, even acknowledging their alleged role in the 9/11 attacks when the 28-pages were released. However, since taking office, Trump has moved closer to Saudi Arabia, approving a weapons deal even Barack Obama rejected. Trump has also continued bombing Yemen, and Exxon Mobil, whose former CEO now serves at Trump’s secretary of state, has historical business ties to the Saudis. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson recently refused to acknowledge Saudi Arabia’s human rights abuses.

Considering Trump’s unpredictable leadership and his previous allusion to the Saudi role in 9/11, it is currently unclear how the president will react to the recent lawsuit. Regardless, those filing the suit appear to be committed to their attempts to achieve accountability.

“This lawsuit is a demonstration of the unwavering commitment of the 9/11 families to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for its critical role in the 9/11 attacks,” Kreindler said.

California: Making ‘Misleading Political Statements’ Online Is Now Illegal.

Lawmakers in California are proposing a harsh new law that will make it illegal for anybody to operate a website that makes controversial political statements to the public.

In a move designed to suppress free speech and eliminate independent media outlets, legislators claim they are attempting to tackle the problem of “fake news” with some of the harshest proposals by any government to-date.

The new bill will curb online media outlets from presenting political views that oppose the liberal consensus in the state, giving authorities the ability to arrest website owners and shut down servers. Ostensibly, the bill is aimed at keeping voters from being misled on issues that affect them. The problem is, this bill would allow the government to determine what is or isn’t misleading and apply to a citizen’s social media posts, blog, etc.

California’s existing “political cyberfraud” law (yes, really) already contains wording that forbids cybersquatting, misleading redirects, and otherwise tricking internet users who are seeking information on ballot measures. The existing law is more concerned with acts along the lines of false impersonation and deliberate fraud. The amendment, however, isn’t. It adds a couple of new aspects, both making the bad law worse.

First, the law would no longer be limited to “cyberfraud” related to pending ballot measures. It would expand to protect political candidates from being bested by wily web denizens. Where it really goes downhill is this new clause, which criminalizes even more speech.
With this law, opinions and misinterpretations of ballot measures/candidates’ political stances are now illegal acts. The law goes further than simply punishing the writer of false statements. It also aims to punish publishers (which could be read as punishing hosts who would normally be protected by Section 230) and anyone who shares the newly-illegal content. If anything in the original post hints of political leaning, it can be construed as “designed to influence the vote,” which would make most heated political discussions a breeding ground for criminal communications.

It would seem the “victims” listed in the proposed amendment aren’t really in need of a free speech-abusing law. If California’s government doesn’t like the tone of online posts about ballot measures, it has plenty of opportunities (and numerous platforms) to set the record straight. Worse, it gives the government the power to shut down speech it doesn’t agree with under the pretense preventing voters from being misled.

As for political candidates, they rarely suffer the problem of having too little speech. Bullshit can be countered with more speech, a rhetorical weapon everyone has access to, but political candidates in particular tend to be especially well-equipped in this department.

How the original law managed to survive a constitutional challenge remains a mystery. This addition has zero chance of being found constitutional if it somehow manages to become law.
